{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/gfc.2013.13.4.12"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/hlq.2007.70.4.577"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/hlq.2008.71.1.55"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/hlq.2013.76.3.325"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/hsns.2008.38.1.109"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn5dr.6"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn5zg.8"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn65t.12"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn65t.5"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn65t.7"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn688.4"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6d6.4"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6d6.5"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6d6.7"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6d6.9"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6g5.8"}	
{"quotes": [{"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "pluie aride, The melody in arid drifts of rain, C'est, a l'horizon pas remue d'une ride, Is the visible, serene and fictive air Le visible et serein souffle artificiel Of inspiration rising as if in prayer. De l'inspiration, qui regagne Ie ciel. RELATE, Sicilian shores, whose tranquil fens 6 bords siciliens d'un calme marecage My vanity disturbs as do the suns, Qu'a l'envi de soleils rna vanite saccage, 38 Silent beneath the brilliant flowers of flame: Tacite sous les fleurs d' etincelles, CONTEZ \"<em>That cutting hollow reeds my art would tame, \u00ab Que je coupais ici les creux roseaux domptes I saw far off, against the glaucous gold \u00bbPar Ie talent; quand, sur l'or glauque de lointaines 0/ foliage twined to where the springs run cold, \u00bb Verdures dediant leur vigne d des /ontaines, An animal whiteness languorously swaying; \u00bb Ondoie une blancheur animale au repos: To the slow prelude that the pipes were playing, \u00bb Et qu'a u prelude lent OU naissent les pipeaux This /light 0/ swans-no! naiads-rose in a shower \u00bb Ce vol de cygnes, non! de naiades se sauve 0/ spray . .. </em>\" \u00bb Ou plonge .. . \u00bb Day burns inert in the tawny hour Inerte, tout brule dans l'heure fauve And excess of hymen is escaped awaySans marquer par quel art ensemble detala Without a sign, from one who pined for the primal A: Trop d'hymen souhaite de qui cherche Ie la: And so, beneath a flood of antique light, Alors m'eveillerai-je ala ferveur premiere, As innocent as are the lilies white, Droit et seul, sous un flot antique de lumiere, To my first ardors I awake alone. Lys! et l'un de vous tous pour", "quote_start_pos": 25235, "quote_exact": "That cutting hollow reeds my art would tame, \u00ab Que je coupais ici les creux roseaux domptes I saw far off, against the glaucous gold \u00bbPar Ie talent; quand, sur l'or glauque de lointaines 0/ foliage twined to where the springs run cold, \u00bb Verdures dediant leur vigne d des /ontaines, An animal whiteness languorously swaying; \u00bb Ondoie une blancheur animale au repos: To the slow prelude that the pipes were playing, \u00bb Et qu'a u prelude lent OU naissent les pipeaux This /light 0/ swans-no! naiads-rose in a shower \u00bb Ce vol de cygnes, non! de naiades se sauve 0/ spray . .. ", "quoted_text": "That cutting hollow reeds my art would tame, \u00ab Que je coupais ici les creux roseaux domptes I saw far off, against the glaucous gold \u00bbPar Ie talent; quand, sur l'or glauque de lointaines 0/ foliage twined to where the springs run cold, \u00bb Verdures dediant leur vigne d des /ontaines, An animal whiteness languorously swaying; \u00bb Ondoie une blancheur animale au repos: To the slow prelude that the pipes were playing, \u00bb Et qu'a u prelude lent OU naissent les pipeaux This /light 0/ swans-no! naiads-rose in a shower \u00bb Ce vol de cygnes, non! de naiades se sauve 0/ spray . ..", "quote_start_page_pos": 93, "quote_prefix": "pluie aride, The melody in arid drifts of rain, C'est, a l'horizon pas remue d'une ride, Is the visible, serene and fictive air Le visible et serein souffle artificiel Of inspiration rising as if in prayer. De l'inspiration, qui regagne Ie ciel. RELATE, Sicilian shores, whose tranquil fens 6 bords siciliens d'un calme marecage My vanity disturbs as do the suns, Qu'a l'envi de soleils rna vanite saccage, 38 Silent beneath the brilliant flowers of flame: Tacite sous les fleurs d' etincelles, CONTEZ \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \u00bb Ou plonge .. . \u00bb Day burns inert in the tawny hour Inerte, tout brule dans l'heure fauve And excess of hymen is escaped awaySans marquer par quel art ensemble detala Without a sign, from one who pined for the primal A: Trop d'hymen souhaite de qui cherche Ie la: And so, beneath a flood of antique light, Alors m'eveillerai-je ala ferveur premiere, As innocent as are the lilies white, Droit et seul, sous un flot antique de lumiere, To my first ardors I awake alone. Lys! et l'un de vous tous pour", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "creux roseaux domptes I saw far off, against the glaucous gold \u00bbPar Ie talent; quand, sur l'or glauque de lointaines 0/ foliage twined to where the springs run cold, \u00bb Verdures dediant leur vigne d des /ontaines, An animal whiteness languorously swaying; \u00bb Ondoie une blancheur animale au repos: To the slow prelude that the pipes were playing, \u00bb Et qu'a u prelude lent OU naissent les pipeaux This /light 0/ swans-no! naiads-rose in a shower \u00bb Ce vol de cygnes, non! de naiades se sauve 0/ spray . .. \"<em> \u00bb Ou plonge .. . \u00bb Day burns inert in the tawny hour Inerte, tout brule dans l'heure fauve And excess of hymen is escaped awaySans marquer par quel art ensemble detala Without a sign, from one who pined for the primal A: Trop d'hymen souhaite de qui cherche Ie la: And so, beneath a flood of antique light, Alors m'eveillerai-je ala ferveur premiere, As innocent as are the lilies white, Droit et seul, sous un flot antique de lumiere, To my first ardors I awake alone. Lys! et l'un de vous tous pour l'ingenuite. Besides sweet nothings by their lips made known, Autre que ce doux rien par leur levre ebruite, Kisses that only mark their perfidy, Le baiser, qui tout bas des perfides assure, My chest reveals an unsolved mystery ... Mon sein, vierge de preuve, atteste une morsure The toothmarks of some strange, majestic creature: Mysterieuse, due a quelque auguste dent; Enough! Arcana such as these disclose their nature Mais, bast! arcane tel elut pour confident Only through vast twin reeds played to the skies, Le jonc vaste et jumeau dont sous l' azur on joue: That, turning to music all that clouds the eyes, Qui, detournant a soi Ie trouble de la joue, Dream, in a long solo, that we amused Reve, dans un solo long, que nous amusions The beauty all around us by confused La beaute d' alent our par des confusions Equations with our credulous melody; Fausses entre elle-meme et notre chant credule; And dream that the song can make love soar so high Et de faire aussi haut que l' amour se module That, purged of all ordinary fantasies Evanouir du songe ordinaire de dos Of back or breast-incessant shapes that rise Ou de flanc pur suivis avec mes regards clos, In blindness-it distills sonorities Une sonore, vaine et monotone ligne. From every empty and monotonous line. Tache done, instrument des fuites, 6 maligne Then, instrument of flights, Syrinx malign, Syrinx, de refleurir aux lacs OU tu m' attends! At lakes where you attend me, bloom once more! Moi, de ma rumeur fier, je vais parler longtemps Long shall my discourse from the echoing shore Des deesses; et par d'idolatres peintures, Depict those goddesses: by masquerades, A leur ombre enlever encore des ceintures: I'll strip the veils that sanctify their shades; Ainsi, quand des raisins j' ai suce la clarte, 39 And when I've sucked the brightness out of grapes, Pour bannir un regret par ma feinte ecarte, To quell the flood of sorrow that escapes, Rieur, j'eleve au ciel d'ete la grappe vide I'll lift the empty cluster to the sky, Et, soufflant dans ses peaux lumineuses, avide Avidly drunk till evening has drawn nigh, D'ivresse, jusqu'au soir je regarde au travers. And blow in laughter through the luminous skins. 6 nymphes, regonflons des SOUVENIRS divers. Let us inflate our MEMORIES, 0 nymphs. \u00ab Mon ceil, trouant les jones, dardait chaque encolure </em>\"Piercing the reeds, my darting eyes trans/ix, \u00bbImmortelle, qui noie en I' onde sa brulure Plunged in the cooling waves, immortal necks, \u00bb Avec un cri de rage au ciel de la /orh; And cries 0/ fury echo through the air; \u00bb Et Ie splendide bain de cheveux disparait Splendid cascades 0/ tresses disappear \u00bb Dans les clartes et les /rissons, 6 pierreriesi In shimmering jewels. Pursuing them, I find \u00bb ]'a c eo u rs; quand, ames pieds, s' entrejoignent (meurtries There, at my feet, two sleepers intertwined,", "quote_start_pos": 28070, "quote_exact": " \u00bb Ou plonge .. . \u00bb Day burns inert in the tawny hour Inerte, tout brule dans l'heure fauve And excess of hymen is escaped away- Sans marquer par quel art ensemble detala Without a sign, from one who pined for the primal A: Trop d'hymen souhaite de qui cherche Ie la: And so, beneath a flood of antique light, Alors m'eveillerai-je ala ferveur premiere, As innocent as are the lilies white, Droit et seul, sous un flot antique de lumiere, To my first ardors I awake alone. Lys! et l'un de vous tous pour l'ingenuite. Besides sweet nothings by their lips made known, Autre que ce doux rien par leur levre ebruite, Kisses that only mark their perfidy, Le baiser, qui tout bas des perfides assure, My chest reveals an unsolved mystery ... Mon sein, vierge de preuve, atteste une morsure The toothmarks of some strange, majestic creature: Mysterieuse, due a quelque auguste dent; Enough! Arcana such as these disclose their nature Mais, bast! arcane tel elut pour confident Only through vast twin reeds played to the skies, Le jonc vaste et jumeau dont sous l' azur on joue: That, turning to music all that clouds the eyes, Qui, detournant a soi Ie trouble de la joue, Dream, in a long solo, that we amused Reve, dans un solo long, que nous amusions The beauty all around us by confused La beaute d' alent our par des confusions Equations with our credulous melody; Fausses entre elle-meme et notre chant credule; And dream that the song can make love soar so high Et de faire aussi haut que l' amour se module That, purged of all ordinary fantasies Evanouir du songe ordinaire de dos Of back or breast-incessant shapes that rise Ou de flanc pur suivis avec mes regards clos, In blindness-it distills sonorities Une sonore, vaine et monotone ligne. From every empty and monotonous line. Tache done, instrument des fuites, 6 maligne Then, instrument of flights, Syrinx malign, Syrinx, de refleurir aux lacs OU tu m' attends! At lakes where you attend me, bloom once more! Moi, de ma rumeur fier, je vais parler longtemps Long shall my discourse from the echoing shore Des deesses; et par d'idolatres peintures, Depict those goddesses: by masquerades, A leur ombre enlever encore des ceintures: I'll strip the veils that sanctify their shades; Ainsi, quand des raisins j' ai suce la clarte, 39 And when I've sucked the brightness out of grapes, Pour bannir un regret par ma feinte ecarte, To quell the flood of sorrow that escapes, Rieur, j'eleve au ciel d'ete la grappe vide I'll lift the empty cluster to the sky, Et, soufflant dans ses peaux lumineuses, avide Avidly drunk till evening has drawn nigh, D'ivresse, jusqu'au soir je regarde au travers. And blow in laughter through the luminous skins. 6 nymphes, regonflons des SOUVENIRS divers. Let us inflate our MEMORIES, 0 nymphs. \u00ab Mon ceil, trouant les jones, dardait chaque encolure ", "quoted_text": "\u00bb Ou plonge .. . \u00bb Day burns inert in the tawny hour Inerte, tout brule dans l'heure fauve And excess of hymen is escaped away- Sans marquer par quel art ensemble detala Without a sign, from one who pined for the primal A: Trop d'hymen souhaite de qui cherche Ie la: And so, beneath a flood of antique light, Alors m'eveillerai-je ala ferveur premiere, As innocent as are the lilies white, Droit et seul, sous un flot antique de lumiere, To my first ardors I awake alone. Lys! et l'un de vous tous pour l'ingenuite. Besides sweet nothings by their lips made known, Autre que ce doux rien par leur levre ebruite, Kisses that only mark their perfidy, Le baiser, qui tout bas des perfides assure, My chest reveals an unsolved mystery ... Mon sein, vierge de preuve, atteste une morsure The toothmarks of some strange, majestic creature: Mysterieuse, due a quelque auguste dent; Enough! Arcana such as these disclose their nature Mais, bast! arcane tel elut pour confident Only through vast twin reeds played to the skies, Le jonc vaste et jumeau dont sous l' azur on joue: That, turning to music all that clouds the eyes, Qui, detournant a soi Ie trouble de la joue, Dream, in a long solo, that we amused Reve, dans un solo long, que nous amusions The beauty all around us by confused La beaute d' alent our par des confusions Equations with our credulous melody; Fausses entre elle-meme et notre chant credule; And dream that the song can make love soar so high Et de faire aussi haut que l' amour se module That, purged of all ordinary fantasies Evanouir du songe ordinaire de dos Of back or breast-incessant shapes that rise Ou de flanc pur suivis avec mes regards clos, In blindness-it distills sonorities Une sonore, vaine et monotone ligne. From every empty and monotonous line. Tache done, instrument des fuites, 6 maligne Then, instrument of flights, Syrinx malign, Syrinx, de refleurir aux lacs OU tu m' attends! At lakes where you attend me, bloom once more! Moi, de ma rumeur fier, je vais parler longtemps Long shall my discourse from the echoing shore Des deesses; et par d'idolatres peintures, Depict those goddesses: by masquerades, A leur ombre enlever encore des ceintures: I'll strip the veils that sanctify their shades; Ainsi, quand des raisins j' ai suce la clarte, 39 And when I've sucked the brightness out of grapes, Pour bannir un regret par ma feinte ecarte, To quell the flood of sorrow that escapes, Rieur, j'eleve au ciel d'ete la grappe vide I'll lift the empty cluster to the sky, Et, soufflant dans ses peaux lumineuses, avide Avidly drunk till evening has drawn nigh, D'ivresse, jusqu'au soir je regarde au travers. And blow in laughter through the luminous skins. 6 nymphes, regonflons des SOUVENIRS divers. Let us inflate our MEMORIES, 0 nymphs. \u00ab Mon ceil, trouant les jones, dardait chaque encolure", "quote_start_page_pos": 666, "quote_prefix": "creux roseaux domptes I saw far off, against the glaucous gold \u00bbPar Ie talent; quand, sur l'or glauque de lointaines 0/ foliage twined to where the springs run cold, \u00bb Verdures dediant leur vigne d des /ontaines, An animal whiteness languorously swaying; \u00bb Ondoie une blancheur animale au repos: To the slow prelude that the pipes were playing, \u00bb Et qu'a u prelude lent OU naissent les pipeaux This /light 0/ swans-no! naiads-rose in a shower \u00bb Ce vol de cygnes, non! de naiades se sauve 0/ spray . .. \"", "quote_suffix": "\"Piercing the reeds, my darting eyes trans/ix, \u00bbImmortelle, qui noie en I' onde sa brulure Plunged in the cooling waves, immortal necks, \u00bb Avec un cri de rage au ciel de la /orh; And cries 0/ fury echo through the air; \u00bb Et Ie splendide bain de cheveux disparait Splendid cascades 0/ tresses disappear \u00bb Dans les clartes et les /rissons, 6 pierreriesi In shimmering jewels. Pursuing them, I find \u00bb ]'a c eo u rs; quand, ames pieds, s' entrejoignent (meurtries There, at my feet, two sleepers intertwined,", "pages": [15, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "grapes, Pour bannir un regret par ma feinte ecarte, To quell the flood of sorrow that escapes, Rieur, j'eleve au ciel d'ete la grappe vide I'll lift the empty cluster to the sky, Et, soufflant dans ses peaux lumineuses, avide Avidly drunk till evening has drawn nigh, D'ivresse, jusqu'au soir je regarde au travers. And blow in laughter through the luminous skins. 6 nymphes, regonflons des SOUVENIRS divers. Let us inflate our MEMORIES, 0 nymphs. \u00ab Mon ceil, trouant les jones, dardait chaque encolure \"<em>Piercing the reeds, my darting eyes trans/ix, \u00bbImmortelle, qui noie en I' onde sa brulure Plunged in the cooling waves, immortal necks, \u00bb Avec un cri de rage au ciel de la /orh; And cries 0/ fury echo through the air; \u00bb Et Ie splendide bain de cheveux disparait Splendid cascades 0/ tresses disappear \u00bb Dans les clartes et les /rissons, 6 pierreriesi In shimmering jewels. Pursuing them, I find \u00bb ]'a c eo u rs; quand, ames pieds, s' entrejoignent (meurtries There, at my feet, two sleepers intertwined, \u00bb De la langueur goutee a ce mal d' hre deux) Bruised in the languor 0/ duality, \u00bb Des dormeuses parmi leurs seuls bras hasardeux; Their arms about each other heedlessly. \u00bb Je les ravis, sans les desenlacer, et vole I bear them, still entangled, to a height \u00bb A ce massif, hai' par I' ombrage /rivole, Where frivolous shadow never mocks the light \u00bb De roses tarissant tout parium au solei</em>\" And dying roses yield the sun their scent, \u00bb Oit notre ebat au jour consume soit pareil.\u00bb That with the day our passions might be spent.\" Jet' adore, courroux des vierges, 6 delice I adore you, wrath of virgins-fierce delight Farouche du sacre fardeau nu qui se glisse Of the sacred burden's writhing naked flight Pour fuir ma levre en feu buvant, comme un eclair From the fiery lightning of my lips that flash Tressaille! la frayeur secrete de la chair: With the secret terror of the thirsting flesh:", "quote_start_pos": 28963, "quote_exact": "Piercing the reeds, my darting eyes trans/ix, \u00bbImmortelle, qui noie en I' onde sa brulure Plunged in the cooling waves, immortal necks, \u00bb Avec un cri de rage au ciel de la /orh; And cries 0/ fury echo through the air; \u00bb Et Ie splendide bain de cheveux disparait Splendid cascades 0/ tresses disappear \u00bb Dans les clartes et les /rissons, 6 pierreriesi In shimmering jewels. Pursuing them, I find \u00bb ]'a c eo u rs; quand, ames pieds, s' entrejoignent (meurtries There, at my feet, two sleepers intertwined, \u00bb De la langueur goutee a ce mal d' hre deux) Bruised in the languor 0/ duality, \u00bb Des dormeuses parmi leurs seuls bras hasardeux; Their arms about each other heedlessly. \u00bb Je les ravis, sans les desenlacer, et vole I bear them, still entangled, to a height \u00bb A ce massif, hai' par I' ombrage /rivole, Where frivolous shadow never mocks the light \u00bb De roses tarissant tout parium au solei", "quoted_text": "Piercing the reeds, my darting eyes trans/ix, \u00bbImmortelle, qui noie en I' onde sa brulure Plunged in the cooling waves, immortal necks, \u00bb Avec un cri de rage au ciel de la /orh; And cries 0/ fury echo through the air; \u00bb Et Ie splendide bain de cheveux disparait Splendid cascades 0/ tresses disappear \u00bb Dans les clartes et les /rissons, 6 pierreriesi In shimmering jewels. Pursuing them, I find \u00bb ]'a c eo u rs; quand, ames pieds, s' entrejoignent (meurtries There, at my feet, two sleepers intertwined, \u00bb De la langueur goutee a ce mal d' hre deux) Bruised in the languor 0/ duality, \u00bb Des dormeuses parmi leurs seuls bras hasardeux; Their arms about each other heedlessly. \u00bb Je les ravis, sans les desenlacer, et vole I bear them, still entangled, to a height \u00bb A ce massif, hai' par I' ombrage /rivole, Where frivolous shadow never mocks the light \u00bb De roses tarissant tout parium au solei", "quote_start_page_pos": 547, "quote_prefix": "grapes, Pour bannir un regret par ma feinte ecarte, To quell the flood of sorrow that escapes, Rieur, j'eleve au ciel d'ete la grappe vide I'll lift the empty cluster to the sky, Et, soufflant dans ses peaux lumineuses, avide Avidly drunk till evening has drawn nigh, D'ivresse, jusqu'au soir je regarde au travers. And blow in laughter through the luminous skins. 6 nymphes, regonflons des SOUVENIRS divers. Let us inflate our MEMORIES, 0 nymphs. \u00ab Mon ceil, trouant les jones, dardait chaque encolure \"", "quote_suffix": "\" And dying roses yield the sun their scent, \u00bb Oit notre ebat au jour consume soit pareil.\u00bb That with the day our passions might be spent.\" Jet' adore, courroux des vierges, 6 delice I adore you, wrath of virgins-fierce delight Farouche du sacre fardeau nu qui se glisse Of the sacred burden's writhing naked flight Pour fuir ma levre en feu buvant, comme un eclair From the fiery lightning of my lips that flash Tressaille! la frayeur secrete de la chair: With the secret terror of the thirsting flesh:", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "find \u00bb ]'a c eo u rs; quand, ames pieds, s' entrejoignent (meurtries There, at my feet, two sleepers intertwined, \u00bb De la langueur goutee a ce mal d' hre deux) Bruised in the languor 0/ duality, \u00bb Des dormeuses parmi leurs seuls bras hasardeux; Their arms about each other heedlessly. \u00bb Je les ravis, sans les desenlacer, et vole I bear them, still entangled, to a height \u00bb A ce massif, hai' par I' ombrage /rivole, Where frivolous shadow never mocks the light \u00bb De roses tarissant tout parium au solei\"<em> And dying roses yield the sun their scent, \u00bb Oit notre ebat au jour consume soit pareil.\u00bb That with the day our passions might be spent.</em>\" Jet' adore, courroux des vierges, 6 delice I adore you, wrath of virgins-fierce delight Farouche du sacre fardeau nu qui se glisse Of the sacred burden's writhing naked flight Pour fuir ma levre en feu buvant, comme un eclair From the fiery lightning of my lips that flash Tressaille! la frayeur secrete de la chair: With the secret terror of the thirsting flesh: Des pieds de l'inhumaine au cceur de la timide From the cruel one's feet to the heart of the shy, Que delaisse a la fois une innocence,", "quote_start_pos": 29101, "quote_exact": " And dying roses yield the sun their scent, \u00bb Oit notre ebat au jour consume soit pareil.\u00bb That with the day our passions might be spent.", "quoted_text": "And dying roses yield the sun their scent, \u00bb Oit notre ebat au jour consume soit pareil.\u00bb That with the day our passions might be spent.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1440, "quote_prefix": "find \u00bb ]'a c eo u rs; quand, ames pieds, s' entrejoignent (meurtries There, at my feet, two sleepers intertwined, \u00bb De la langueur goutee a ce mal d' hre deux) Bruised in the languor 0/ duality, \u00bb Des dormeuses parmi leurs seuls bras hasardeux; Their arms about each other heedlessly. \u00bb Je les ravis, sans les desenlacer, et vole I bear them, still entangled, to a height \u00bb A ce massif, hai' par I' ombrage /rivole, Where frivolous shadow never mocks the light \u00bb De roses tarissant tout parium au solei\"", "quote_suffix": "\" Jet' adore, courroux des vierges, 6 delice I adore you, wrath of virgins-fierce delight Farouche du sacre fardeau nu qui se glisse Of the sacred burden's writhing naked flight Pour fuir ma levre en feu buvant, comme un eclair From the fiery lightning of my lips that flash Tressaille! la frayeur secrete de la chair: With the secret terror of the thirsting flesh: Des pieds de l'inhumaine au cceur de la timide From the cruel one's feet to the heart of the shy, Que delaisse a la fois une innocence,", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ce mal d' hre deux) Bruised in the languor 0/ duality, \u00bb Des dormeuses parmi leurs seuls bras hasardeux; Their arms about each other heedlessly. \u00bb Je les ravis, sans les desenlacer, et vole I bear them, still entangled, to a height \u00bb A ce massif, hai' par I' ombrage /rivole, Where frivolous shadow never mocks the light \u00bb De roses tarissant tout parium au solei\" And dying roses yield the sun their scent, \u00bb Oit notre ebat au jour consume soit pareil.\u00bb That with the day our passions might be spent.\"<em> Jet' adore, courroux des vierges, 6 delice I adore you, wrath of virgins-fierce delight Farouche du sacre fardeau nu qui se glisse Of the sacred burden's writhing naked flight Pour fuir ma levre en feu buvant, comme un eclair From the fiery lightning of my lips that flash Tressaille! la frayeur secrete de la chair: With the secret terror of the thirsting flesh: Des pieds de l'inhumaine au cceur de la timide From the cruel one's feet to the heart of the shy, Que delaisse a la fois une innocence, hum ide Whom innocence abandons suddenly, De larmes folies ou de moins tristes vapeurs. Watered in frenzied or less woeful tears. \u00ab Mon crime, c' est d' avoir, gai de vaincre ces peurs ((Gay with the conquest 0/ those traitorous fears, \u00bb Traitresses, divise la touf/e echevelee I sinned when I divided the dishevelled \u00bbDe baisers que les dieux gardaient si bien melee: T u/t 0/ kisses that the gods had ravelled. \u00bb Car, a peine j'a llais cacher un rire ardent For hardly had I hidden an ardent moan \u00bb Sous les rep lis heureux d' une seule (gardant Deep in the joyous recesses 0/ one \u00bb Par un doigt simple, a/in que sa candeur de plume (Holding by a finger, that her swanlike pallor \u00bb Se teignit a l'e moi de sa sceur qui s' allume, From her sister's passion might be tinged with color, \u00bb La petite, naive et ne rougissant pas:) The little one, unblushingly demure), \u00bb Que de mes bras, dejaits par de vagues trepas, When from my arms, loosened by death obscure, \u00bb Cette proie, a jamais ingrate se delivre This prey, ungrateful to the end, breaks free, \u00bb Sans pitie du sanglot dont j'h ais encore ivre. \u00bb Spurning the sobs that still transported me.)) 40 Others will lead me on to happiness, Tant pis! vers Ie bonheur d'autres m'entraineront Their tresses knotted round my horns, I guess. Par leur tresse nOut~e aux comes de mon front: You know, my passion, that, crimson with ripe seeds, Tu sais, ma passion, que, pourpre et deja mure, Pomegranates burst in a murmur of bees, Chaque grenade eclate et d' abeilles murmure; And that our blood, seized by each passing form, Et notre sang, epris de qui Ie va saisir, Flows toward desire's everlasting swarm. Coule pour tout l'essaim eternel du desir. In the time when the forest turns ashen and gold A l'heure ou ce bois d' or et de cendres se teinte And the summer's demise in the leaves is extolled, Vne fete s'exalte en la feuillee eteinte: Etna! when Venus visits her retreat, Etna! c'est parmi toi visite de Venus Treading your lava with innocent feet, Sur ta lave posant ses talons ingenus, Though a sad sleep thunders and the flame burns cold, Quand tonne un somme triste ou s' epuise la flamme. I hold the queen! Je tiens la reine! Sure punishment ... 6 sur chatiment ... No, but the soul, Non, mais l'ame Weighed down by the body, wordless, struck dumb, De paroles vacante et ce corps alourdi To noon's proud silence must at last succumb: T ard succombent au fier silence de midi: And so, let me sleep, oblivious of sin, Sans plus il faut dormir en l' oubli du blaspheme, Stretched out on the thirsty sand, drinking in Sur Ie sable altere gisant et comme j'aime The bountiful rays of the wine-growing star! Ouvrir ma bouche a l' astre efficace des vins! Couple, farewell; I'll see the shade that now you are. Couple, adieu; je vais voir l' ombre que tu devins. 41 THE FLIGHT OF FLAMING HAIR LA CHEVELURE .. . The flight of flaming hair at the extreme La chevelure vol d'une flamme a I'extreme West of desires unfurling it forth Occident de desirs pour la tout deployer Comes to rest (as it were a dying diadem) Se pose (je dirais mourir un diademe) On the crowned brow its ancient hearth Vers Ie front couronne son ancien foyer Then sigh for no gold but this cloud that lives Mais sans or soupirer que cette vive nue The kindling of an always interior flame L'ignition du feu toujours interieur Originally the only one it gives Originellement la seule continue To the truthful or laughing eye its gleam Dans Ie joyau de I'rei! veridique ou rieur The tender nudity of heroes demeans Une nudite de heros tendre diffame The one on whose fingers no stars wave or fires Celle qui ne mouvant astre ni feux au doigt Whose dazzling head is the only means Rien qu'a simplifier avec gloire la femme By which woman simplified with glory conspires Accomplit par son chef fulgurante I' exploit To sow with rubies the doubt she would scorch De semer de rubis Ie doute qu' elle ecorche In the manner of a joyous and tutelary torch. Ainsi qu'une joyeuse et tutelaire torche. 42 SAINT SAINTE At the window frame concealing A la fenetre recelant The viol old and destitute Le santal vieux qui se dedore Whose gilded sandalwood, now peeling, De sa viole etincelant Once shone with mandolin or flute, J adis avec flute ou mandore, Is the Saint, pale, unfolding Est la Sainte pale, etalant The old, worn missal, a divine Le livre vieux qui se deplie Magnificat in rivers flowing Du Magnificat ruisselant Once at vespers and compline: Jadis selon vepre et complie: At the glass of this monstrance, vessel Ace vitrage d'ostensoir Touched by a harp that took its shape Que frole une harpe par l'A nge From the evening flight of an Angel Formee avec son vol du soir For the delicate fingertip Pour la delicate phalange Which, without the old, worn missal Du doigt que, sans Ie vieux santal Or sandalwood, she balances Ni Ie vieux livre, elle balance On the plumage instrumental, Sur Ie plumage instrumental, Musician of silences. Musicienne du silern:e. 43 FUNEREAL TOAST TOAST FUNEBRE o fatal emblem, thou, of all our happiness! o de notre bonheur, toi, Ie fatal embleme! Dementia's grisly offering of liquid sacrifice: Salut de la demence et libation bleme, Not to the magic hope of the corridor do I hold Ne crois pas qu'au magique espoir du corridor My empty cup aloft where a monster writhes in gold! J'offre rna coupe vide OU souffre un monstre d'or! Nor can your apparition ever suffice for me: Ton apparition ne va pas me suffire: For I myself have placed you in a bed of porphyry. Car je t'ai mis, moi-meme, en un lieu de porphyre. The rite exists for hands to obliterate the flame Le rite est pour les mains d' eteindre Ie flambeau Against the massive iron portals of the tomb, Contre Ie fer epais des portes du tombeau: And we who have been chosen guardians of the word Et l'o n ignore mal, elu pour notre fete Are simply called upon to sing the absence of the bard, Tres simple de chanter l'absence du poete, Whom this fine monument encloses now indeed. Que ce beau monument I'enferme tout entier. If this is but the ardent glorying of the trade Si ce n'est que la gloire ardente du metier, Even in the common hour when the pyre's flames are spent, ]usqu'a I'heure commune et vile de la cendre, Through the windowpane illumined by the evening's proud Par Ie carreau qu' aIlume un soir fier d'y descent descendre, Return toward the fires of the pure mortal sun! Retourne vers les feux du pur soleil mortel! Magnificent, complete within itself alone, Magnifique, total et solitaire, tel It stands as an admonition to the foolish pride of men. Tremble de s'exhaler Ie faux orgueil des hommes. This haggard crowd announces: We are nothing, then, Cette foule hagarde! elle annonce: Nous sommes Save for the sad opaqueness of the future ghosts we bear. La triste opacite de nos spectres futurs. But I have scorned the lucid horror of a tear, Mais Ie blason des deuils epars sur de vains murs The regalia of mourning emblazoned on an empty wall, J' ai meprise l'horreur lucide d'une larme, When, deaf even to my sacred verses, which frighten him not Quand, sourd meme a mon vers sacre qui ne at all, l'alarme, One of these blind men passing, mute, puffed-up with pride, Quelqu'un de ces passants, fier, aveugle et muet, The inmate of his winding-sheet, should be transmogrified Hote de son linceul vague, se transmuait Into the virgin hero of posthumous unveiling. En Ie vierge heros de l'a ttente posthume. Vast abyss transported to the gathered mists prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: </em>\"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"I do not know!\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete", "quote_start_pos": 37334, "quote_exact": " Jet' adore, courroux des vierges, 6 delice I adore you, wrath of virgins-fierce delight Farouche du sacre fardeau nu qui se glisse Of the sacred burden's writhing naked flight Pour fuir ma levre en feu buvant, comme un eclair From the fiery lightning of my lips that flash Tressaille! la frayeur secrete de la chair: With the secret terror of the thirsting flesh: Des pieds de l'inhumaine au cceur de la timide From the cruel one's feet to the heart of the shy, Que delaisse a la fois une innocence, hum ide Whom innocence abandons suddenly, De larmes folies ou de moins tristes vapeurs. Watered in frenzied or less woeful tears. \u00ab Mon crime, c' est d' avoir, gai de vaincre ces peurs ((Gay with the conquest 0/ those traitorous fears, \u00bb Traitresses, divise la touf/e echevelee I sinned when I divided the dishevelled \u00bbDe baisers que les dieux gardaient si bien melee: T u/t 0/ kisses that the gods had ravelled. \u00bb Car, a peine j'a llais cacher un rire ardent For hardly had I hidden an ardent moan \u00bb Sous les rep lis heureux d' une seule (gardant Deep in the joyous recesses 0/ one \u00bb Par un doigt simple, a/in que sa candeur de plume (Holding by a finger, that her swanlike pallor \u00bb Se teignit a l'e moi de sa sceur qui s' allume, From her sister's passion might be tinged with color, \u00bb La petite, naive et ne rougissant pas:) The little one, unblushingly demure), \u00bb Que de mes bras, dejaits par de vagues trepas, When from my arms, loosened by death obscure, \u00bb Cette proie, a jamais ingrate se delivre This prey, ungrateful to the end, breaks free, \u00bb Sans pitie du sanglot dont j'h ais encore ivre. \u00bb Spurning the sobs that still transported me.)) 40 Others will lead me on to happiness, Tant pis! vers Ie bonheur d'autres m'entraineront Their tresses knotted round my horns, I guess. Par leur tresse nOut~e aux comes de mon front: You know, my passion, that, crimson with ripe seeds, Tu sais, ma passion, que, pourpre et deja mure, Pomegranates burst in a murmur of bees, Chaque grenade eclate et d' abeilles murmure; And that our blood, seized by each passing form, Et notre sang, epris de qui Ie va saisir, Flows toward desire's everlasting swarm. Coule pour tout l'essaim eternel du desir. In the time when the forest turns ashen and gold A l'heure ou ce bois d' or et de cendres se teinte And the summer's demise in the leaves is extolled, Vne fete s'exalte en la feuillee eteinte: Etna! when Venus visits her retreat, Etna! c'est parmi toi visite de Venus Treading your lava with innocent feet, Sur ta lave posant ses talons ingenus, Though a sad sleep thunders and the flame burns cold, Quand tonne un somme triste ou s' epuise la flamme. I hold the queen! Je tiens la reine! Sure punishment ... 6 sur chatiment ... No, but the soul, Non, mais l'ame Weighed down by the body, wordless, struck dumb, De paroles vacante et ce corps alourdi To noon's proud silence must at last succumb: T ard succombent au fier silence de midi: And so, let me sleep, oblivious of sin, Sans plus il faut dormir en l' oubli du blaspheme, Stretched out on the thirsty sand, drinking in Sur Ie sable altere gisant et comme j'aime The bountiful rays of the wine-growing star! Ouvrir ma bouche a l' astre efficace des vins! Couple, farewell; I'll see the shade that now you are. Couple, adieu; je vais voir l' ombre que tu devins. 41 THE FLIGHT OF FLAMING HAIR LA CHEVELURE .. . The flight of flaming hair at the extreme La chevelure vol d'une flamme a I'extreme West of desires unfurling it forth Occident de desirs pour la tout deployer Comes to rest (as it were a dying diadem) Se pose (je dirais mourir un diademe) On the crowned brow its ancient hearth Vers Ie front couronne son ancien foyer Then sigh for no gold but this cloud that lives Mais sans or soupirer que cette vive nue The kindling of an always interior flame L'ignition du feu toujours interieur Originally the only one it gives Originellement la seule continue To the truthful or laughing eye its gleam Dans Ie joyau de I'rei! veridique ou rieur The tender nudity of heroes demeans Une nudite de heros tendre diffame The one on whose fingers no stars wave or fires Celle qui ne mouvant astre ni feux au doigt Whose dazzling head is the only means Rien qu'a simplifier avec gloire la femme By which woman simplified with glory conspires Accomplit par son chef fulgurante I' exploit To sow with rubies the doubt she would scorch De semer de rubis Ie doute qu' elle ecorche In the manner of a joyous and tutelary torch. Ainsi qu'une joyeuse et tutelaire torche. 42 SAINT SAINTE At the window frame concealing A la fenetre recelant The viol old and destitute Le santal vieux qui se dedore Whose gilded sandalwood, now peeling, De sa viole etincelant Once shone with mandolin or flute, J adis avec flute ou mandore, Is the Saint, pale, unfolding Est la Sainte pale, etalant The old, worn missal, a divine Le livre vieux qui se deplie Magnificat in rivers flowing Du Magnificat ruisselant Once at vespers and compline: Jadis selon vepre et complie: At the glass of this monstrance, vessel Ace vitrage d'ostensoir Touched by a harp that took its shape Que frole une harpe par l'A nge From the evening flight of an Angel Formee avec son vol du soir For the delicate fingertip Pour la delicate phalange Which, without the old, worn missal Du doigt que, sans Ie vieux santal Or sandalwood, she balances Ni Ie vieux livre, elle balance On the plumage instrumental, Sur Ie plumage instrumental, Musician of silences. Musicienne du silern:e. 43 FUNEREAL TOAST TOAST FUNEBRE o fatal emblem, thou, of all our happiness! o de notre bonheur, toi, Ie fatal embleme! Dementia's grisly offering of liquid sacrifice: Salut de la demence et libation bleme, Not to the magic hope of the corridor do I hold Ne crois pas qu'au magique espoir du corridor My empty cup aloft where a monster writhes in gold! J'offre rna coupe vide OU souffre un monstre d'or! Nor can your apparition ever suffice for me: Ton apparition ne va pas me suffire: For I myself have placed you in a bed of porphyry. Car je t'ai mis, moi-meme, en un lieu de porphyre. The rite exists for hands to obliterate the flame Le rite est pour les mains d' eteindre Ie flambeau Against the massive iron portals of the tomb, Contre Ie fer epais des portes du tombeau: And we who have been chosen guardians of the word Et l'o n ignore mal, elu pour notre fete Are simply called upon to sing the absence of the bard, Tres simple de chanter l'absence du poete, Whom this fine monument encloses now indeed. Que ce beau monument I'enferme tout entier. If this is but the ardent glorying of the trade Si ce n'est que la gloire ardente du metier, Even in the common hour when the pyre's flames are spent, ]usqu'a I'heure commune et vile de la cendre, Through the windowpane illumined by the evening's proud Par Ie carreau qu' aIlume un soir fier d'y descent descendre, Return toward the fires of the pure mortal sun! Retourne vers les feux du pur soleil mortel! Magnificent, complete within itself alone, Magnifique, total et solitaire, tel It stands as an admonition to the foolish pride of men. Tremble de s'exhaler Ie faux orgueil des hommes. This haggard crowd announces: We are nothing, then, Cette foule hagarde! elle annonce: Nous sommes Save for the sad opaqueness of the future ghosts we bear. La triste opacite de nos spectres futurs. But I have scorned the lucid horror of a tear, Mais Ie blason des deuils epars sur de vains murs The regalia of mourning emblazoned on an empty wall, J' ai meprise l'horreur lucide d'une larme, When, deaf even to my sacred verses, which frighten him not Quand, sourd meme a mon vers sacre qui ne at all, l'alarme, One of these blind men passing, mute, puffed-up with pride, Quelqu'un de ces passants, fier, aveugle et muet, The inmate of his winding-sheet, should be transmogrified Hote de son linceul vague, se transmuait Into the virgin hero of posthumous unveiling. En Ie vierge heros de l'a ttente posthume. Vast abyss transported to the gathered mists prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: ", "quoted_text": "Jet' adore, courroux des vierges, 6 delice I adore you, wrath of virgins-fierce delight Farouche du sacre fardeau nu qui se glisse Of the sacred burden's writhing naked flight Pour fuir ma levre en feu buvant, comme un eclair From the fiery lightning of my lips that flash Tressaille! la frayeur secrete de la chair: With the secret terror of the thirsting flesh: Des pieds de l'inhumaine au cceur de la timide From the cruel one's feet to the heart of the shy, Que delaisse a la fois une innocence, hum ide Whom innocence abandons suddenly, De larmes folies ou de moins tristes vapeurs. Watered in frenzied or less woeful tears. \u00ab Mon crime, c' est d' avoir, gai de vaincre ces peurs ((Gay with the conquest 0/ those traitorous fears, \u00bb Traitresses, divise la touf/e echevelee I sinned when I divided the dishevelled \u00bbDe baisers que les dieux gardaient si bien melee: T u/t 0/ kisses that the gods had ravelled. \u00bb Car, a peine j'a llais cacher un rire ardent For hardly had I hidden an ardent moan \u00bb Sous les rep lis heureux d' une seule (gardant Deep in the joyous recesses 0/ one \u00bb Par un doigt simple, a/in que sa candeur de plume (Holding by a finger, that her swanlike pallor \u00bb Se teignit a l'e moi de sa sceur qui s' allume, From her sister's passion might be tinged with color, \u00bb La petite, naive et ne rougissant pas:) The little one, unblushingly demure), \u00bb Que de mes bras, dejaits par de vagues trepas, When from my arms, loosened by death obscure, \u00bb Cette proie, a jamais ingrate se delivre This prey, ungrateful to the end, breaks free, \u00bb Sans pitie du sanglot dont j'h ais encore ivre. \u00bb Spurning the sobs that still transported me.)) 40 Others will lead me on to happiness, Tant pis! vers Ie bonheur d'autres m'entraineront Their tresses knotted round my horns, I guess. Par leur tresse nOut~e aux comes de mon front: You know, my passion, that, crimson with ripe seeds, Tu sais, ma passion, que, pourpre et deja mure, Pomegranates burst in a murmur of bees, Chaque grenade eclate et d' abeilles murmure; And that our blood, seized by each passing form, Et notre sang, epris de qui Ie va saisir, Flows toward desire's everlasting swarm. Coule pour tout l'essaim eternel du desir. In the time when the forest turns ashen and gold A l'heure ou ce bois d' or et de cendres se teinte And the summer's demise in the leaves is extolled, Vne fete s'exalte en la feuillee eteinte: Etna! when Venus visits her retreat, Etna! c'est parmi toi visite de Venus Treading your lava with innocent feet, Sur ta lave posant ses talons ingenus, Though a sad sleep thunders and the flame burns cold, Quand tonne un somme triste ou s' epuise la flamme. I hold the queen! Je tiens la reine! Sure punishment ... 6 sur chatiment ... No, but the soul, Non, mais l'ame Weighed down by the body, wordless, struck dumb, De paroles vacante et ce corps alourdi To noon's proud silence must at last succumb: T ard succombent au fier silence de midi: And so, let me sleep, oblivious of sin, Sans plus il faut dormir en l' oubli du blaspheme, Stretched out on the thirsty sand, drinking in Sur Ie sable altere gisant et comme j'aime The bountiful rays of the wine-growing star! Ouvrir ma bouche a l' astre efficace des vins! Couple, farewell; I'll see the shade that now you are. Couple, adieu; je vais voir l' ombre que tu devins. 41 THE FLIGHT OF FLAMING HAIR LA CHEVELURE .. . The flight of flaming hair at the extreme La chevelure vol d'une flamme a I'extreme West of desires unfurling it forth Occident de desirs pour la tout deployer Comes to rest (as it were a dying diadem) Se pose (je dirais mourir un diademe) On the crowned brow its ancient hearth Vers Ie front couronne son ancien foyer Then sigh for no gold but this cloud that lives Mais sans or soupirer que cette vive nue The kindling of an always interior flame L'ignition du feu toujours interieur Originally the only one it gives Originellement la seule continue To the truthful or laughing eye its gleam Dans Ie joyau de I'rei! veridique ou rieur The tender nudity of heroes demeans Une nudite de heros tendre diffame The one on whose fingers no stars wave or fires Celle qui ne mouvant astre ni feux au doigt Whose dazzling head is the only means Rien qu'a simplifier avec gloire la femme By which woman simplified with glory conspires Accomplit par son chef fulgurante I' exploit To sow with rubies the doubt she would scorch De semer de rubis Ie doute qu' elle ecorche In the manner of a joyous and tutelary torch. Ainsi qu'une joyeuse et tutelaire torche. 42 SAINT SAINTE At the window frame concealing A la fenetre recelant The viol old and destitute Le santal vieux qui se dedore Whose gilded sandalwood, now peeling, De sa viole etincelant Once shone with mandolin or flute, J adis avec flute ou mandore, Is the Saint, pale, unfolding Est la Sainte pale, etalant The old, worn missal, a divine Le livre vieux qui se deplie Magnificat in rivers flowing Du Magnificat ruisselant Once at vespers and compline: Jadis selon vepre et complie: At the glass of this monstrance, vessel Ace vitrage d'ostensoir Touched by a harp that took its shape Que frole une harpe par l'A nge From the evening flight of an Angel Formee avec son vol du soir For the delicate fingertip Pour la delicate phalange Which, without the old, worn missal Du doigt que, sans Ie vieux santal Or sandalwood, she balances Ni Ie vieux livre, elle balance On the plumage instrumental, Sur Ie plumage instrumental, Musician of silences. Musicienne du silern:e. 43 FUNEREAL TOAST TOAST FUNEBRE o fatal emblem, thou, of all our happiness! o de notre bonheur, toi, Ie fatal embleme! Dementia's grisly offering of liquid sacrifice: Salut de la demence et libation bleme, Not to the magic hope of the corridor do I hold Ne crois pas qu'au magique espoir du corridor My empty cup aloft where a monster writhes in gold! J'offre rna coupe vide OU souffre un monstre d'or! Nor can your apparition ever suffice for me: Ton apparition ne va pas me suffire: For I myself have placed you in a bed of porphyry. Car je t'ai mis, moi-meme, en un lieu de porphyre. The rite exists for hands to obliterate the flame Le rite est pour les mains d' eteindre Ie flambeau Against the massive iron portals of the tomb, Contre Ie fer epais des portes du tombeau: And we who have been chosen guardians of the word Et l'o n ignore mal, elu pour notre fete Are simply called upon to sing the absence of the bard, Tres simple de chanter l'absence du poete, Whom this fine monument encloses now indeed. Que ce beau monument I'enferme tout entier. If this is but the ardent glorying of the trade Si ce n'est que la gloire ardente du metier, Even in the common hour when the pyre's flames are spent, ]usqu'a I'heure commune et vile de la cendre, Through the windowpane illumined by the evening's proud Par Ie carreau qu' aIlume un soir fier d'y descent descendre, Return toward the fires of the pure mortal sun! Retourne vers les feux du pur soleil mortel! Magnificent, complete within itself alone, Magnifique, total et solitaire, tel It stands as an admonition to the foolish pride of men. Tremble de s'exhaler Ie faux orgueil des hommes. This haggard crowd announces: We are nothing, then, Cette foule hagarde! elle annonce: Nous sommes Save for the sad opaqueness of the future ghosts we bear. La triste opacite de nos spectres futurs. But I have scorned the lucid horror of a tear, Mais Ie blason des deuils epars sur de vains murs The regalia of mourning emblazoned on an empty wall, J' ai meprise l'horreur lucide d'une larme, When, deaf even to my sacred verses, which frighten him not Quand, sourd meme a mon vers sacre qui ne at all, l'alarme, One of these blind men passing, mute, puffed-up with pride, Quelqu'un de ces passants, fier, aveugle et muet, The inmate of his winding-sheet, should be transmogrified Hote de son linceul vague, se transmuait Into the virgin hero of posthumous unveiling. En Ie vierge heros de l'a ttente posthume. Vast abyss transported to the gathered mists prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis:", "quote_start_page_pos": 1578, "quote_prefix": "ce mal d' hre deux) Bruised in the languor 0/ duality, \u00bb Des dormeuses parmi leurs seuls bras hasardeux; Their arms about each other heedlessly. \u00bb Je les ravis, sans les desenlacer, et vole I bear them, still entangled, to a height \u00bb A ce massif, hai' par I' ombrage /rivole, Where frivolous shadow never mocks the light \u00bb De roses tarissant tout parium au solei\" And dying roses yield the sun their scent, \u00bb Oit notre ebat au jour consume soit pareil.\u00bb That with the day our passions might be spent.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"I do not know!\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete", "pages": [16, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "fier, aveugle et muet, The inmate of his winding-sheet, should be transmogrified Hote de son linceul vague, se transmuait Into the virgin hero of posthumous unveiling. En Ie vierge heros de l'a ttente posthume. Vast abyss transported to the gathered mists prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"<em>Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?</em>\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"I do not know!\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone", "quote_start_pos": 37383, "quote_exact": "Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?", "quoted_text": "Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?", "quote_start_page_pos": 2746, "quote_prefix": "fier, aveugle et muet, The inmate of his winding-sheet, should be transmogrified Hote de son linceul vague, se transmuait Into the virgin hero of posthumous unveiling. En Ie vierge heros de l'a ttente posthume. Vast abyss transported to the gathered mists prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"I do not know!\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "winding-sheet, should be transmogrified Hote de son linceul vague, se transmuait Into the virgin hero of posthumous unveiling. En Ie vierge heros de l'a ttente posthume. Vast abyss transported to the gathered mists prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\"<em> \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: </em>\"I do not know!\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone voice, excites Dont Ie frisson final, dans sa voix seule, eveille For the Lily and the Rose the mystery of a name. Pour la Rose et Ie Lys Ie mystere d'un nom. And is there, of this destiny, nothing that will", "quote_start_pos": 37591, "quote_exact": " \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: ", "quoted_text": "\u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry:", "quote_start_page_pos": 2795, "quote_prefix": "winding-sheet, should be transmogrified Hote de son linceul vague, se transmuait Into the virgin hero of posthumous unveiling. En Ie vierge heros de l'a ttente posthume. Vast abyss transported to the gathered mists prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"I do not know!\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone voice, excites Dont Ie frisson final, dans sa voix seule, eveille For the Lily and the Rose the mystery of a name. Pour la Rose et Ie Lys Ie mystere d'un nom. And is there, of this destiny, nothing that will", "pages": [20, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"<em>I do not know!</em>\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone voice, excites Dont Ie frisson final, dans sa voix seule, eveille For the Lily and the Rose the mystery of a name. Pour la Rose et Ie Lys Ie mystere d'un nom. And is there, of this destiny, nothing that will remain? Est-il", "quote_start_pos": 37606, "quote_exact": "I do not know!", "quoted_text": "I do not know!", "quote_start_page_pos": 146, "quote_prefix": "prevailing, Vaste gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone voice, excites Dont Ie frisson final, dans sa voix seule, eveille For the Lily and the Rose the mystery of a name. Pour la Rose et Ie Lys Ie mystere d'un nom. And is there, of this destiny, nothing that will remain? Est-il", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"I do not know!\"<em> L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone voice, excites Dont Ie frisson final, dans sa voix seule, eveille For the Lily and the Rose the mystery of a name. Pour la Rose et Ie Lys Ie mystere d'un nom. And is there, of this destiny, nothing that will remain? Est-il de ce destin rien qui demeure, non? o all you gathered here, forget that gloomy creed: 6 vous tous, oubliez une croyance sombre. The splendid, the eternal genius has no shade. Le splendide genie eternel n'a pas d'ombre. And I would have survive, in deference to your will, Moi, de votre desir soucieux, je veux voir, For one who now has vanished into the ideal A qui s'evanouit, hier, dans Ie devoir Duty we are given by the gardens of that star, Ideal que nous font les jardins de cet astre, A solemn agitation of language in the air, Survivre pour l'honneur du tranquille desastre In commemoration of a calm catastrophe, Une agitation solennelle par l'air Vast translucent calyx and purple ecstasy De paroles, pourpre ivre et grand calice clair, That, diamond and rain, with gaze forever clear Que, pluie et diamant, Ie regard diaphane Remaining on those flowers, of which none disappear, Reste la sur ces fleurs dont nulle ne se fane, Isolates in the hour and radiance of the day! Isole parmi I'heure et Ie rayon du jour! We dwell in those true groves, where, having marked our way, C'est de nos vrais bosquets deja tout Ie sejour, With large and humble gesture the pure poet must Ou Ie poete pur a pour geste humble et large Stand guard against the dream as enemy to his trust: De l'interdire au reve, ennemi de sa charge: So that upon the morning of his high repose, Afin que Ie matin de son repos altier, When the task of ancient death for Gautier is to close Quand la mort ancienne est comme pour Gautier His sacred eyes and keep his secrets, shall appear, De n'ouvrir pas les yeux sacres et de se taire, As tributary ornament of the corridor, Surgisse, de l' allee ornement tributaire, The solid sepulcher where all things harmful lie, Le sepulcre solide ou git tout ce qui nuit, And avaricious silence and night's immensity. Et l' avare silence et la massive nuit. 45 PROSE PROSE for des Esseintes pour des Esseintes Hyperbole! can you not rise Hyperbole! de rna memoire In triumph from my memory, Triomphalement ne sais-tu A modern magic spell devise Te lever, aujourd'hui grimoire As from an ironbound grammary: Dans un livre de fer vetu: For I inaugurate through science Car j'installe, par la science, The hymn of all hearts spiritual L'hymne des cceurs spirituels In the labor of my patience, En l' ceuvre de rna patience, Atlas, herbal, ritual. Atlas, herbiers et rituels. Our wandering eyes took in the forms Nous promenions notre visage (For we were two, as I divine) (Nous fumes deux, je Ie maintiens) Of the landscape's myriad charms, Sur maints charmes de paysage, o sister, likening them to thine. 6 sceur, y comparant les tiens. The age of certainty wears thin L'ere d'autorite se trouble When, without reason, it is stated Lorsque, sans nul motif, on dit Of this southland which our twin De ce midi que notre double Unconsciousness has penetrated Inconscience approfondit That, soil of an iris bed, its site, Que, sol des cent iris, son site, They know if it was really born: Ils savent s'il a bien ete, It bears no name that one could cite, Ne porte pas de nom que cite Sounded by Summer's golden horn. L'or de la trompette d'Ete. Yes, on an isle the air had charged Oui, dans une lie que l'air charge Not with visions but with sight, De vue et non de visions The flowers displayed themselves enlarged T oute fleur s' etalait plus large Without our ever mentioning it; Sans que nous en devisions. 46 And so immense, each burgeoning shape, Telles, immenses, que chacune It was habitually adorned Ordinairement se para In such clear outline that a gap D 'un Iudd e contour, lacune Between it and the gardens formed. Qui des jardins la separa. Glory of long ideal desire Gloire du long desir, Idees In exultation rose in me Tout en moi s' exaltait de voir To see the irises aspire La famille des iridees To this responsibility; Surgir a ce nouveau devoir, But that sister, wise and tender, Mais cette sceur sensee et tendre Went no further than to smile, Ne porta son regard plus loin And that I might comprehend her Que sourire et, comme a l' entendre I cultivate my an dent skill. J' occupe mon antique soin. o Spirit of litigation, know, Oh! sache l'Esprit de litige, When we keep silent in this season, A cette heure OU nous no us taisons, The stem of multiple lilies grew Que de lis multiples la tige Too large to be contained by reason Grandissait trop pour nos raisons And not as weeps the mundane shore, Et non comme pleure la rive, When its monotonous pastime lies Quand son jeu monotone ment In wishing plenitude should pour A vouloir que l' ampleur arrive Upon my juvenile surprise Parmi mon jeune etonnement At hearing the heavens and the map D' ouir tout Ie del et la carte Endlessly in my walks attested, Sans fin attestes sur mes pas, Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And </em>\"Anastasius!\" says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: \"Pulcheria!\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien", "quote_start_pos": 43129, "quote_exact": " L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone voice, excites Dont Ie frisson final, dans sa voix seule, eveille For the Lily and the Rose the mystery of a name. Pour la Rose et Ie Lys Ie mystere d'un nom. And is there, of this destiny, nothing that will remain? Est-il de ce destin rien qui demeure, non? o all you gathered here, forget that gloomy creed: 6 vous tous, oubliez une croyance sombre. The splendid, the eternal genius has no shade. Le splendide genie eternel n'a pas d'ombre. And I would have survive, in deference to your will, Moi, de votre desir soucieux, je veux voir, For one who now has vanished into the ideal A qui s'evanouit, hier, dans Ie devoir Duty we are given by the gardens of that star, Ideal que nous font les jardins de cet astre, A solemn agitation of language in the air, Survivre pour l'honneur du tranquille desastre In commemoration of a calm catastrophe, Une agitation solennelle par l'air Vast translucent calyx and purple ecstasy De paroles, pourpre ivre et grand calice clair, That, diamond and rain, with gaze forever clear Que, pluie et diamant, Ie regard diaphane Remaining on those flowers, of which none disappear, Reste la sur ces fleurs dont nulle ne se fane, Isolates in the hour and radiance of the day! Isole parmi I'heure et Ie rayon du jour! We dwell in those true groves, where, having marked our way, C'est de nos vrais bosquets deja tout Ie sejour, With large and humble gesture the pure poet must Ou Ie poete pur a pour geste humble et large Stand guard against the dream as enemy to his trust: De l'interdire au reve, ennemi de sa charge: So that upon the morning of his high repose, Afin que Ie matin de son repos altier, When the task of ancient death for Gautier is to close Quand la mort ancienne est comme pour Gautier His sacred eyes and keep his secrets, shall appear, De n'ouvrir pas les yeux sacres et de se taire, As tributary ornament of the corridor, Surgisse, de l' allee ornement tributaire, The solid sepulcher where all things harmful lie, Le sepulcre solide ou git tout ce qui nuit, And avaricious silence and night's immensity. Et l' avare silence et la massive nuit. 45 PROSE PROSE for des Esseintes pour des Esseintes Hyperbole! can you not rise Hyperbole! de rna memoire In triumph from my memory, Triomphalement ne sais-tu A modern magic spell devise Te lever, aujourd'hui grimoire As from an ironbound grammary: Dans un livre de fer vetu: For I inaugurate through science Car j'installe, par la science, The hymn of all hearts spiritual L'hymne des cceurs spirituels In the labor of my patience, En l' ceuvre de rna patience, Atlas, herbal, ritual. Atlas, herbiers et rituels. Our wandering eyes took in the forms Nous promenions notre visage (For we were two, as I divine) (Nous fumes deux, je Ie maintiens) Of the landscape's myriad charms, Sur maints charmes de paysage, o sister, likening them to thine. 6 sceur, y comparant les tiens. The age of certainty wears thin L'ere d'autorite se trouble When, without reason, it is stated Lorsque, sans nul motif, on dit Of this southland which our twin De ce midi que notre double Unconsciousness has penetrated Inconscience approfondit That, soil of an iris bed, its site, Que, sol des cent iris, son site, They know if it was really born: Ils savent s'il a bien ete, It bears no name that one could cite, Ne porte pas de nom que cite Sounded by Summer's golden horn. L'or de la trompette d'Ete. Yes, on an isle the air had charged Oui, dans une lie que l'air charge Not with visions but with sight, De vue et non de visions The flowers displayed themselves enlarged T oute fleur s' etalait plus large Without our ever mentioning it; Sans que nous en devisions. 46 And so immense, each burgeoning shape, Telles, immenses, que chacune It was habitually adorned Ordinairement se para In such clear outline that a gap D 'un Iudd e contour, lacune Between it and the gardens formed. Qui des jardins la separa. Glory of long ideal desire Gloire du long desir, Idees In exultation rose in me Tout en moi s' exaltait de voir To see the irises aspire La famille des iridees To this responsibility; Surgir a ce nouveau devoir, But that sister, wise and tender, Mais cette sceur sensee et tendre Went no further than to smile, Ne porta son regard plus loin And that I might comprehend her Que sourire et, comme a l' entendre I cultivate my an dent skill. J' occupe mon antique soin. o Spirit of litigation, know, Oh! sache l'Esprit de litige, When we keep silent in this season, A cette heure OU nous no us taisons, The stem of multiple lilies grew Que de lis multiples la tige Too large to be contained by reason Grandissait trop pour nos raisons And not as weeps the mundane shore, Et non comme pleure la rive, When its monotonous pastime lies Quand son jeu monotone ment In wishing plenitude should pour A vouloir que l' ampleur arrive Upon my juvenile surprise Parmi mon jeune etonnement At hearing the heavens and the map D' ouir tout Ie del et la carte Endlessly in my walks attested, Sans fin attestes sur mes pas, Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And ", "quoted_text": "L'e space a pour jouet Ie cri: \u00abJ e ne sais pas!\u00bb The Master's piercing eye, wherever he would go, Le Maitre, par un ceil profond, a, sur ses pas, Has calmed the unquiet marvels of Eden's wild delights, Apaise de l'eden l'inquiete merveille Of which the final spasm, in his lone voice, excites Dont Ie frisson final, dans sa voix seule, eveille For the Lily and the Rose the mystery of a name. Pour la Rose et Ie Lys Ie mystere d'un nom. And is there, of this destiny, nothing that will remain? Est-il de ce destin rien qui demeure, non? o all you gathered here, forget that gloomy creed: 6 vous tous, oubliez une croyance sombre. The splendid, the eternal genius has no shade. Le splendide genie eternel n'a pas d'ombre. And I would have survive, in deference to your will, Moi, de votre desir soucieux, je veux voir, For one who now has vanished into the ideal A qui s'evanouit, hier, dans Ie devoir Duty we are given by the gardens of that star, Ideal que nous font les jardins de cet astre, A solemn agitation of language in the air, Survivre pour l'honneur du tranquille desastre In commemoration of a calm catastrophe, Une agitation solennelle par l'air Vast translucent calyx and purple ecstasy De paroles, pourpre ivre et grand calice clair, That, diamond and rain, with gaze forever clear Que, pluie et diamant, Ie regard diaphane Remaining on those flowers, of which none disappear, Reste la sur ces fleurs dont nulle ne se fane, Isolates in the hour and radiance of the day! Isole parmi I'heure et Ie rayon du jour! We dwell in those true groves, where, having marked our way, C'est de nos vrais bosquets deja tout Ie sejour, With large and humble gesture the pure poet must Ou Ie poete pur a pour geste humble et large Stand guard against the dream as enemy to his trust: De l'interdire au reve, ennemi de sa charge: So that upon the morning of his high repose, Afin que Ie matin de son repos altier, When the task of ancient death for Gautier is to close Quand la mort ancienne est comme pour Gautier His sacred eyes and keep his secrets, shall appear, De n'ouvrir pas les yeux sacres et de se taire, As tributary ornament of the corridor, Surgisse, de l' allee ornement tributaire, The solid sepulcher where all things harmful lie, Le sepulcre solide ou git tout ce qui nuit, And avaricious silence and night's immensity. Et l' avare silence et la massive nuit. 45 PROSE PROSE for des Esseintes pour des Esseintes Hyperbole! can you not rise Hyperbole! de rna memoire In triumph from my memory, Triomphalement ne sais-tu A modern magic spell devise Te lever, aujourd'hui grimoire As from an ironbound grammary: Dans un livre de fer vetu: For I inaugurate through science Car j'installe, par la science, The hymn of all hearts spiritual L'hymne des cceurs spirituels In the labor of my patience, En l' ceuvre de rna patience, Atlas, herbal, ritual. Atlas, herbiers et rituels. Our wandering eyes took in the forms Nous promenions notre visage (For we were two, as I divine) (Nous fumes deux, je Ie maintiens) Of the landscape's myriad charms, Sur maints charmes de paysage, o sister, likening them to thine. 6 sceur, y comparant les tiens. The age of certainty wears thin L'ere d'autorite se trouble When, without reason, it is stated Lorsque, sans nul motif, on dit Of this southland which our twin De ce midi que notre double Unconsciousness has penetrated Inconscience approfondit That, soil of an iris bed, its site, Que, sol des cent iris, son site, They know if it was really born: Ils savent s'il a bien ete, It bears no name that one could cite, Ne porte pas de nom que cite Sounded by Summer's golden horn. L'or de la trompette d'Ete. Yes, on an isle the air had charged Oui, dans une lie que l'air charge Not with visions but with sight, De vue et non de visions The flowers displayed themselves enlarged T oute fleur s' etalait plus large Without our ever mentioning it; Sans que nous en devisions. 46 And so immense, each burgeoning shape, Telles, immenses, que chacune It was habitually adorned Ordinairement se para In such clear outline that a gap D 'un Iudd e contour, lacune Between it and the gardens formed. Qui des jardins la separa. Glory of long ideal desire Gloire du long desir, Idees In exultation rose in me Tout en moi s' exaltait de voir To see the irises aspire La famille des iridees To this responsibility; Surgir a ce nouveau devoir, But that sister, wise and tender, Mais cette sceur sensee et tendre Went no further than to smile, Ne porta son regard plus loin And that I might comprehend her Que sourire et, comme a l' entendre I cultivate my an dent skill. J' occupe mon antique soin. o Spirit of litigation, know, Oh! sache l'Esprit de litige, When we keep silent in this season, A cette heure OU nous no us taisons, The stem of multiple lilies grew Que de lis multiples la tige Too large to be contained by reason Grandissait trop pour nos raisons And not as weeps the mundane shore, Et non comme pleure la rive, When its monotonous pastime lies Quand son jeu monotone ment In wishing plenitude should pour A vouloir que l' ampleur arrive Upon my juvenile surprise Parmi mon jeune etonnement At hearing the heavens and the map D' ouir tout Ie del et la carte Endlessly in my walks attested, Sans fin attestes sur mes pas, Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And", "quote_start_page_pos": 161, "quote_prefix": "gouffre apporte dans l'a mas de Ia brume By the irascible wind of words that he did not say, Par I'irascible vent des mots qu'il n'a pas dits, Nothingness to this Man, abolished yesterday: Le neant a cet Homme aboli de jadis: \"Memories of horizons, 0 thou, what is the Earth?\" \u00ab Souvenirs d'horizons, qu' est-ce, 0 toi, que la Terre?\u00bb 44 Howls this dream; with a voice that can barely issue forth, Hurle ce songe; et, voix dont la clarte s' altere, Space as a joke returns this cry: \"I do not know!\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Anastasius!\" says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: \"Pulcheria!\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien", "pages": [21, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ment In wishing plenitude should pour A vouloir que l' ampleur arrive Upon my juvenile surprise Parmi mon jeune etonnement At hearing the heavens and the map D' ouir tout Ie del et la carte Endlessly in my walks attested, Sans fin attestes sur mes pas, Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And \"<em>Anastasius!</em>\" says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: \"Pulcheria!\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien qu'un battement", "quote_start_pos": 43141, "quote_exact": "Anastasius!", "quoted_text": "Anastasius!", "quote_start_page_pos": 120, "quote_prefix": "ment In wishing plenitude should pour A vouloir que l' ampleur arrive Upon my juvenile surprise Parmi mon jeune etonnement At hearing the heavens and the map D' ouir tout Ie del et la carte Endlessly in my walks attested, Sans fin attestes sur mes pas, Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And \"", "quote_suffix": "\" says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: \"Pulcheria!\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien qu'un battement", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "wishing plenitude should pour A vouloir que l' ampleur arrive Upon my juvenile surprise Parmi mon jeune etonnement At hearing the heavens and the map D' ouir tout Ie del et la carte Endlessly in my walks attested, Sans fin attestes sur mes pas, Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And \"Anastasius!\"<em> says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: </em>\"Pulcheria!\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien qu'un battement aux cieux Our future verse shall rise Le futur vers se degage From a precious lodging-rich Du logis tres precieux Messenger winging low Aile tout bas la courriere This fan if it's the same Cet event ail si c' est lui Through which behind", "quote_start_pos": 43379, "quote_exact": " says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: ", "quoted_text": "says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name:", "quote_start_page_pos": 132, "quote_prefix": "wishing plenitude should pour A vouloir que l' ampleur arrive Upon my juvenile surprise Parmi mon jeune etonnement At hearing the heavens and the map D' ouir tout Ie del et la carte Endlessly in my walks attested, Sans fin attestes sur mes pas, Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And \"Anastasius!\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Pulcheria!\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien qu'un battement aux cieux Our future verse shall rise Le futur vers se degage From a precious lodging-rich Du logis tres precieux Messenger winging low Aile tout bas la courriere This fan if it's the same Cet event ail si c' est lui Through which behind", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And \"Anastasius!\" says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: \"<em>Pulcheria!</em>\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien qu'un battement aux cieux Our future verse shall rise Le futur vers se degage From a precious lodging-rich Du logis tres precieux Messenger winging low Aile tout bas la courriere This fan if it's the same Cet event ail si c' est lui Through which behind you some", "quote_start_pos": 43390, "quote_exact": "Pulcheria!", "quoted_text": "Pulcheria!", "quote_start_page_pos": 370, "quote_prefix": "Even by the wave as it falls back, Par Ie flot meme qui s' ecarte, That this country never existed. Que ce pays n'exista pas. 47 The child resigns her ecstasy, L' enfant abdique son extase Already mastering the steps, Et docte deja par chemins And \"Anastasius!\" says she, Elle dit Ie mot: Anastase! Born for eternal manuscripts, Ne pour d'eternels parchemins, Lest at a tomb her ancestor Avant qu'un sepulcre ne rie In any clime should laugh to bear Sous aucun climat, son aIeul, This sacred name: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" De porter ce nom: Pulcherie! Hidden by the too large lily flower. Cache par Ie trap grand glaIeul. 48 AFAN EVENTAIL 0/ Madame Mallarme de Madame Mallarme With nothing else for speech Avec comme pour langage Than a pulsing in the skies Rien qu'un battement aux cieux Our future verse shall rise Le futur vers se degage From a precious lodging-rich Du logis tres precieux Messenger winging low Aile tout bas la courriere This fan if it's the same Cet event ail si c' est lui Through which behind you some", "pages": [24, 24]}], "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6g5.8"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6km.8"}	
{"quotes": [{"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "4Chaxugeju: The Differential Mode of Association Selfishness is the most serious shortcoming of country people. That is the opinion of those intellectuals who advocate rural reconstruction. 1 When we think of selfishness, we think of the proverb \"<em>Each person should sweep the snow from his own doorsteps and should not fret about the frost on his neighbor's roof.</em>\" No one would deny that this proverb is one of the Chinese creeds. Actually, this attitude is held not only by country people but also by city people. The person who only sweeps the snow from his own door is still regarded as having high social ethics. Ordinary people usually throw their garbage onto the streets right in front of their door, and that is the end of their garbage problem. For instance, in Suzhou the houses usually have back doors that open onto slow-moving canals. This sounds very", "quote_start_pos": 365, "quote_exact": "Each person should sweep the snow from his own doorsteps and should not fret about the frost on his neighbor's roof.", "quoted_text": "Each person should sweep the snow from his own doorsteps and should not fret about the frost on his neighbor's roof.", "quote_start_page_pos": 249, "quote_prefix": "4Chaxugeju: The Differential Mode of Association Selfishness is the most serious shortcoming of country people. That is the opinion of those intellectuals who advocate rural reconstruction. 1 When we think of selfishness, we think of the proverb \"", "quote_suffix": "\" No one would deny that this proverb is one of the Chinese creeds. Actually, this attitude is held not only by country people but also by city people. The person who only sweeps the snow from his own door is still regarded as having high social ethics. Ordinary people usually throw their garbage onto the streets right in front of their door, and that is the end of their garbage problem. For instance, in Suzhou the houses usually have back doors that open onto slow-moving canals. This sounds very", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "4Chaxugeju: The Differential Mode of Association Selfishness is the most serious shortcoming of country people. That is the opinion of those intellectuals who advocate rural reconstruction. 1 When we think of selfishness, we think of the proverb \"Each person should sweep the snow from his own doorsteps and should not fret about the frost on his neighbor's roof.\"<em> No one would deny that this proverb is one of the Chinese creeds. Actually, this attitude is held not only by country people but also by city people. The person who only sweeps the snow from his own door is still regarded as having high social ethics. Ordinary people usually throw their garbage onto the streets right in front of their door, and that is the end of their garbage problem. For instance, in Suzhou the houses usually have back doors that open onto slow-moving canals. This sounds very beautiful/ and, in fact, literary works depict Suzhou as the Chinese Venice. But I do not think that there are any waterways in the world dirtier than those in Suzhou. Everything can be thrown into the canals, which even in the best of circumstances do not flow well. Filled with garbage, they flow even worse. Many families use no other toilets. Even knowing full well that other people wash clothes and vegetables in the canals, they feel no need for self-restraint. Why is this so? The reason is that such canals belong to the public. Once you mention something as belonging to the public, it is almo.st like saying that everyone can take advantage of it. Thus, one can have rights without obligations. Even if we reduce the scale and look at a small courtyard shared by two or three families, we can still see dirt piled in the public corridors and weeds growing in the backyard. No one wants to clean or to weed. But the 1. See chapter 2, note 1. 60 Chtlxugeju 61 worst place in such a courtyard would be the public toilets. Not a single family wants to take care of this business. Whoever finds the condition of the toilet intolerable has to clean it up without pay or even without thanks. It is like Gresham's law. Just as </em>\"bad money drives out the good,\" selfishness drives out social consciousness. Judging from examples like this, the problem of selfishness in China is really more common than the problem of ignorance or illness. From the top of society to the bottom, no one seems to be without this shortcoming. It has, in fact, gained some notoriety. Corruption and incompetence have become a stereotype of Chinese people that the foreign media use to belittle us. But so-called corruption and incompetence have less", "quote_start_pos": 2105, "quote_exact": " No one would deny that this proverb is one of the Chinese creeds. Actually, this atti- tude is held not only by country people but also by city people. The person who only sweeps the snow from his own door is still regarded as having high social ethics. Ordinary people usually throw their garbage onto the streets right in front of their door, and that is the end of their garbage problem. For instance, in Suzhou the houses usually have back doors that open onto slow-moving canals. This sounds very beau- tiful/ and, in fact, literary works depict Suzhou as the Chinese Ven- ice. But I do not think that there are any waterways in the world dirtier than those in Suzhou. Everything can be thrown into the canals, which even in the best of circumstances do not flow well. Filled with garbage, they flow even worse. Many families use no other toilets. Even knowing full well that other people wash clothes and vegetables in the canals, they feel no need for self-restraint. Why is this so? The reason is that such canals belong to the public. Once you mention something as belonging to the public, it is almo.st like saying that everyone can take advantage of it. Thus, one can have rights without obligations. Even if we reduce the scale and look at a small courtyard shared by two or three families, we can still see dirt piled in the public corridors and weeds grow- ing in the backyard. No one wants to clean or to weed. But the 1. See chapter 2, note 1. 60 Chtlxugeju 61 worst place in such a courtyard would be the public toilets. Not a single family wants to take care of this business. Whoever finds the condition of the toilet intolerable has to clean it up without pay or even without thanks. It is like Gresham's law. Just as ", "quoted_text": "No one would deny that this proverb is one of the Chinese creeds. Actually, this atti- tude is held not only by country people but also by city people. The person who only sweeps the snow from his own door is still regarded as having high social ethics. Ordinary people usually throw their garbage onto the streets right in front of their door, and that is the end of their garbage problem. For instance, in Suzhou the houses usually have back doors that open onto slow-moving canals. This sounds very beau- tiful/ and, in fact, literary works depict Suzhou as the Chinese Ven- ice. But I do not think that there are any waterways in the world dirtier than those in Suzhou. Everything can be thrown into the canals, which even in the best of circumstances do not flow well. Filled with garbage, they flow even worse. Many families use no other toilets. Even knowing full well that other people wash clothes and vegetables in the canals, they feel no need for self-restraint. Why is this so? The reason is that such canals belong to the public. Once you mention something as belonging to the public, it is almo.st like saying that everyone can take advantage of it. Thus, one can have rights without obligations. Even if we reduce the scale and look at a small courtyard shared by two or three families, we can still see dirt piled in the public corridors and weeds grow- ing in the backyard. No one wants to clean or to weed. But the 1. See chapter 2, note 1. 60 Chtlxugeju 61 worst place in such a courtyard would be the public toilets. Not a single family wants to take care of this business. Whoever finds the condition of the toilet intolerable has to clean it up without pay or even without thanks. It is like Gresham's law. Just as", "quote_start_page_pos": 366, "quote_prefix": "4Chaxugeju: The Differential Mode of Association Selfishness is the most serious shortcoming of country people. That is the opinion of those intellectuals who advocate rural reconstruction. 1 When we think of selfishness, we think of the proverb \"Each person should sweep the snow from his own doorsteps and should not fret about the frost on his neighbor's roof.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"bad money drives out the good,\" selfishness drives out social consciousness. Judging from examples like this, the problem of selfishness in China is really more common than the problem of ignorance or illness. From the top of society to the bottom, no one seems to be without this shortcoming. It has, in fact, gained some notoriety. Corruption and incompetence have become a stereotype of Chinese people that the foreign media use to belittle us. But so-called corruption and incompetence have less", "pages": [1, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and look at a small courtyard shared by two or three families, we can still see dirt piled in the public corridors and weeds growing in the backyard. No one wants to clean or to weed. But the 1. See chapter 2, note 1. 60 Chtlxugeju 61 worst place in such a courtyard would be the public toilets. Not a single family wants to take care of this business. Whoever finds the condition of the toilet intolerable has to clean it up without pay or even without thanks. It is like Gresham's law. Just as \"<em>bad money drives out the good,</em>\" selfishness drives out social consciousness. Judging from examples like this, the problem of selfishness in China is really more common than the problem of ignorance or illness. From the top of society to the bottom, no one seems to be without this shortcoming. It has, in fact, gained some notoriety. Corruption and incompetence have become a stereotype of Chinese people that the foreign media use to belittle us. But so-called corruption and incompetence have less to do with individual ability", "quote_start_pos": 2136, "quote_exact": "bad money drives out the good,", "quoted_text": "bad money drives out the good,", "quote_start_page_pos": 276, "quote_prefix": "and look at a small courtyard shared by two or three families, we can still see dirt piled in the public corridors and weeds growing in the backyard. No one wants to clean or to weed. But the 1. See chapter 2, note 1. 60 Chtlxugeju 61 worst place in such a courtyard would be the public toilets. Not a single family wants to take care of this business. Whoever finds the condition of the toilet intolerable has to clean it up without pay or even without thanks. It is like Gresham's law. Just as \"", "quote_suffix": "\" selfishness drives out social consciousness. Judging from examples like this, the problem of selfishness in China is really more common than the problem of ignorance or illness. From the top of society to the bottom, no one seems to be without this shortcoming. It has, in fact, gained some notoriety. Corruption and incompetence have become a stereotype of Chinese people that the foreign media use to belittle us. But so-called corruption and incompetence have less to do with individual ability", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "shared by two or three families, we can still see dirt piled in the public corridors and weeds growing in the backyard. No one wants to clean or to weed. But the 1. See chapter 2, note 1. 60 Chtlxugeju 61 worst place in such a courtyard would be the public toilets. Not a single family wants to take care of this business. Whoever finds the condition of the toilet intolerable has to clean it up without pay or even without thanks. It is like Gresham's law. Just as \"bad money drives out the good,\"<em> selfishness drives out social consciousness. Judging from examples like this, the problem of selfishness in China is really more common than the problem of ignorance or illness. From the top of society to the bottom, no one seems to be without this shortcoming. It has, in fact, gained some notoriety. Corruption and incompetence have become a stereotype of Chinese people that the foreign media use to belittle us. But so-called corruption and incompetence have less to do with individual ability than with each person's service to, and responsibility for, the public welfare. The Chinese are not bad managers. Indeed, a great many Westerners are impressed by the business achievements of the overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia. Neither are the Chinese incompetent. When it comes to managing their family's businesses, earning money, and making personal connections, they show a greater aptitude than people from any other country. The problem defined by this kind of selfishness is thus actually one of how to draw the line between the group and the individual, between others and our own selves. How this line has been drawn in China traditionally is obviously different from the way it is drawn in the West. Therefore, if we want to discuss the problem of selfishness, we have to take into consideration the pattern of the entire social structure. Western societies are somewhat like the way we collect rice straw to use to cook our food. After harvest, the rice straw is bound into small bundles; several bundles are bound into larger bundles; and these are then stacked together so that they can be carried on shoulder poles. Each piece of straw belongs in a small bundle, which in turn belongs in a larger bundle, which in tum makes up a stack. The separate straws, the separate bundles, and finally the separate stacks all fit together to make up the whole haystack. In this way, the separately bound bundles can be stacked in an orderly way. In Western society, these separate units are organizations. By making an analogy between organizations in Western societies and the composition of haystacks, I want to indicate that in Western society individuals form organizations. Each organization has its 62 Chaxugeju own boundaries, which clearly define those people who are members and those who are not. That much is always clear. The people in an organization form a group, and their relationship to the organization is usually the same. If there are differences among group members or distinctions among ranks within the organization, these would have been agreed upon earlier as part of the rules of the organization. In one respect, my analogy is not too appropriate. An individual may join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the </em>\"organizational mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often", "quote_start_pos": 5176, "quote_exact": " selfishness drives out social consciousness. Judging from examples like this, the problem of selfishness in China is really more common than the problem of ignorance or illness. From the top of society to the bottom, no one seems to be without this shortcoming. It has, in fact, gained some notoriety. Corruption and incompetence have become a stereotype of Chinese people that the foreign media use to belittle us. But so-called cor- ruption and incompetence have less to do with individual ability than with each person's service to, and responsibility for, the pub- lic welfare. The Chinese are not bad managers. Indeed, a great many West- erners are impressed by the business achievements of the overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia. Neither are the Chinese incompetent. When it comes to managing their family's businesses, earning money, and making personal connections, they show a greater ap- titude than people from any other country. The problem defined by this kind of selfishness is thus actually one of how to draw the line between the group and the individual, between others and our own selves. How this line has been drawn in China traditionally is obviously different from the way it is drawn in the West. There- fore, if we want to discuss the problem of selfishness, we have to take into consideration the pattern of the entire social structure. Western societies are somewhat like the way we collect rice straw to use to cook our food. After harvest, the rice straw is bound into small bundles; several bundles are bound into larger bundles; and these are then stacked together so that they can be carried on shoulder poles. Each piece of straw belongs in a small bundle, which in turn belongs in a larger bundle, which in tum makes up a stack. The separate straws, the separate bundles, and finally the separate stacks all fit together to make up the whole haystack. In this way, the separately bound bundles can be stacked in an orderly way. In Western society, these separate units are organizations. By making an analogy between organizations in Western societies and the composition of haystacks, I want to indicate that in Western society individuals form organizations. Each organization has its 62 Chaxugeju own boundaries, which clearly define those people who are mem- bers and those who are not. That much is always clear. The people in an organization form a group, and their relationship to the or- ganization is usually the same. If there are differences among group members or distinctions among ranks within the organization, these would have been agreed upon earlier as part of the rules of the organization. In one respect, my analogy is not too appropriate. An individual may join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference be- tween people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of per- sonal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the ", "quoted_text": "selfishness drives out social consciousness. Judging from examples like this, the problem of selfishness in China is really more common than the problem of ignorance or illness. From the top of society to the bottom, no one seems to be without this shortcoming. It has, in fact, gained some notoriety. Corruption and incompetence have become a stereotype of Chinese people that the foreign media use to belittle us. But so-called cor- ruption and incompetence have less to do with individual ability than with each person's service to, and responsibility for, the pub- lic welfare. The Chinese are not bad managers. Indeed, a great many West- erners are impressed by the business achievements of the overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia. Neither are the Chinese incompetent. When it comes to managing their family's businesses, earning money, and making personal connections, they show a greater ap- titude than people from any other country. The problem defined by this kind of selfishness is thus actually one of how to draw the line between the group and the individual, between others and our own selves. How this line has been drawn in China traditionally is obviously different from the way it is drawn in the West. There- fore, if we want to discuss the problem of selfishness, we have to take into consideration the pattern of the entire social structure. Western societies are somewhat like the way we collect rice straw to use to cook our food. After harvest, the rice straw is bound into small bundles; several bundles are bound into larger bundles; and these are then stacked together so that they can be carried on shoulder poles. Each piece of straw belongs in a small bundle, which in turn belongs in a larger bundle, which in tum makes up a stack. The separate straws, the separate bundles, and finally the separate stacks all fit together to make up the whole haystack. In this way, the separately bound bundles can be stacked in an orderly way. In Western society, these separate units are organizations. By making an analogy between organizations in Western societies and the composition of haystacks, I want to indicate that in Western society individuals form organizations. Each organization has its 62 Chaxugeju own boundaries, which clearly define those people who are mem- bers and those who are not. That much is always clear. The people in an organization form a group, and their relationship to the or- ganization is usually the same. If there are differences among group members or distinctions among ranks within the organization, these would have been agreed upon earlier as part of the rules of the organization. In one respect, my analogy is not too appropriate. An individual may join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference be- tween people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of per- sonal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the", "quote_start_page_pos": 307, "quote_prefix": "shared by two or three families, we can still see dirt piled in the public corridors and weeds growing in the backyard. No one wants to clean or to weed. But the 1. See chapter 2, note 1. 60 Chtlxugeju 61 worst place in such a courtyard would be the public toilets. Not a single family wants to take care of this business. Whoever finds the condition of the toilet intolerable has to clean it up without pay or even without thanks. It is like Gresham's law. Just as \"bad money drives out the good,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"organizational mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often", "pages": [2, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "within the organization, these would have been agreed upon earlier as part of the rules of the organization. In one respect, my analogy is not too appropriate. An individual may join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"<em>organizational mode of association</em>\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will", "quote_start_pos": 5213, "quote_exact": "or- ganizational mode of association", "quoted_text": "or- ganizational mode of association", "quote_start_page_pos": 819, "quote_prefix": "within the organization, these would have been agreed upon earlier as part of the rules of the organization. In one respect, my analogy is not too appropriate. An individual may join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "been agreed upon earlier as part of the rules of the organization. In one respect, my analogy is not too appropriate. An individual may join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"organizational mode of association\"<em> (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will </em>\"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will come\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word", "quote_start_pos": 5348, "quote_exact": " (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will ", "quoted_text": "(tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will", "quote_start_page_pos": 856, "quote_prefix": "been agreed upon earlier as part of the rules of the organization. In one respect, my analogy is not too appropriate. An individual may join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"organizational mode of association\"", "quote_suffix": "\"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will come\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"organizational mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"<em>bring his family</em>\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will come\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used", "quote_start_pos": 5365, "quote_exact": "bring his family", "quoted_text": "bring his family", "quote_start_page_pos": 991, "quote_prefix": "join several organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"organizational mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"", "quote_suffix": "\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will come\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"organizational mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\"<em> to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence </em>\"The whole family will come\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used in many ways. Jialide (the one at home) can mean one's wife. Jiamen (kinsmen) may be directed at a big group of uncles and nephews. Zijiaren (my own people) may include anyone whom you want to drag into your own circle, and you use it to indicate your intimacy with them. The scope of zijiaren can be expanded or contracted", "quote_start_pos": 5694, "quote_exact": " to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In En- gland and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence ", "quoted_text": "to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In En- gland and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence", "quote_start_page_pos": 1008, "quote_prefix": "organizations, but it is impossible for a straw to be in several bundles at the same time. That is the difference between people and straws. My purpose in making the analogy, however, is only to help us see more concretely the pattern of personal relationships in social life, what I will henceforth call the \"organizational mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The whole family will come\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used in many ways. Jialide (the one at home) can mean one's wife. Jiamen (kinsmen) may be directed at a big group of uncles and nephews. Zijiaren (my own people) may include anyone whom you want to drag into your own circle, and you use it to indicate your intimacy with them. The scope of zijiaren can be expanded or contracted", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"<em>The whole family will come</em>\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used in many ways. Jialide (the one at home) can mean one's wife. Jiamen (kinsmen) may be directed at a big group of uncles and nephews. Zijiaren (my own people) may include anyone whom you want to drag into your own circle, and you use it to indicate your intimacy with them. The scope of zijiaren can be expanded or contracted according to the specific", "quote_start_pos": 5721, "quote_exact": "The whole family will come", "quoted_text": "The whole family will come", "quote_start_page_pos": 1337, "quote_prefix": "mode of association\" (tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used in many ways. Jialide (the one at home) can mean one's wife. Jiamen (kinsmen) may be directed at a big group of uncles and nephews. Zijiaren (my own people) may include anyone whom you want to drag into your own circle, and you use it to indicate your intimacy with them. The scope of zijiaren can be expanded or contracted according to the specific", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will come\"<em> (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used in many ways. Jialide (the one at home) can mean one's wife. Jiamen (kinsmen) may be directed at a big group of uncles and nephews. Zijiaren (my own people) may include anyone whom you want to drag into your own circle, and you use it to indicate your intimacy with them. The scope of zijiaren can be expanded or contracted according to the specific time and place. It can be used in a very general way, even to mean that everyone under the sun is a jia (one family). Why are nouns for such basic social units so ambiguous in Chinese? In my opinion, the ambiguity indicates the difference between our social structure and that of the West. Our pattern is not like distinct bundles of straws. Rather, it is like the circles that appear on the surface of a lake when a rock is thrown into it. Everyone stands at the center of the circles produced by his or her own Chaxugeju 63 social influence. Everyone's circles are interrelated. One touches different circles at different times and places. In Chinese society, the most important relationship-kinshipis similar to the concentric circles formed when a stone is thrown into a lake. Kinship is a social relationship formed through marriage and reproduction. The networks woven by marriage and reproduction can be extended to embrace countless numbers of people-in the past, present, and future. The same meaning is implied in our saying </em>\"Everyone has a cousin three thousand miles away,\" with three thousand miles indicating the vastness of kinship networks. Despite the vastness, though, each network is like a spicier's web in the sense that it centers on oneself. Everyone has this kind of a kinship network, but the people covered by one network are not the same as those covered by any other. We all use the same system of notation to identify our relatives, but the only thing we hold in common is the system of notation itself.", "quote_start_pos": 7277, "quote_exact": " (hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used in many ways. Jialide (the one at home) can mean one's wife. Jiamen (kins- men) may be directed at a big group of uncles and nephews. Zijia- ren (my own people) may include anyone whom you want to drag into your own circle, and you use it to indicate your intimacy with them. The scope of zijiaren can be expanded or contracted accord- ing to the specific time and place. It can be used in a very general way, even to mean that everyone under the sun is a jia (one fam- ily). Why are nouns for such basic social units so ambiguous in Chinese? In my opinion, the ambiguity indicates the difference be- tween our social structure and that of the West. Our pattern is not like distinct bundles of straws. Rather, it is like the circles that ap- pear on the surface of a lake when a rock is thrown into it. Every- one stands at the center of the circles produced by his or her own Chaxugeju 63 social influence. Everyone's circles are interrelated. One touches different circles at different times and places. In Chinese society, the most important relationship-kinship- is similar to the concentric circles formed when a stone is thrown into a lake. Kinship is a social relationship formed through mar- riage and reproduction. The networks woven by marriage and re- production can be extended to embrace countless numbers of peo- ple-in the past, present, and future. The same meaning is implied in our saying ", "quoted_text": "(hedi guanglin), but few people can tell what family members should be included in the word di (family). In Chinese, the word jia (family) is used in many ways. Jialide (the one at home) can mean one's wife. Jiamen (kins- men) may be directed at a big group of uncles and nephews. Zijia- ren (my own people) may include anyone whom you want to drag into your own circle, and you use it to indicate your intimacy with them. The scope of zijiaren can be expanded or contracted accord- ing to the specific time and place. It can be used in a very general way, even to mean that everyone under the sun is a jia (one fam- ily). Why are nouns for such basic social units so ambiguous in Chinese? In my opinion, the ambiguity indicates the difference be- tween our social structure and that of the West. Our pattern is not like distinct bundles of straws. Rather, it is like the circles that ap- pear on the surface of a lake when a rock is thrown into it. Every- one stands at the center of the circles produced by his or her own Chaxugeju 63 social influence. Everyone's circles are interrelated. One touches different circles at different times and places. In Chinese society, the most important relationship-kinship- is similar to the concentric circles formed when a stone is thrown into a lake. Kinship is a social relationship formed through mar- riage and reproduction. The networks woven by marriage and re- production can be extended to embrace countless numbers of peo- ple-in the past, present, and future. The same meaning is implied in our saying", "quote_start_page_pos": 1364, "quote_prefix": "(tuantigeju). Families in the West are organizations with distinct boundaries. If a Western friend writes to you saying that he will \"bring his family\" to visit you, you know very well who will be coming with him. In China, however, this sentence is very ambiguous. In England and America, a family will include the man, his wife, and his children who have not yet grown up. If he is bringing only his wife, he does not use the word family. In China, we often see the sentence \"The whole family will come\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Everyone has a cousin three thousand miles away,\" with three thousand miles indicating the vastness of kinship networks. Despite the vastness, though, each network is like a spicier's web in the sense that it centers on oneself. Everyone has this kind of a kinship network, but the people covered by one network are not the same as those covered by any other. We all use the same system of notation to identify our relatives, but the only thing we hold in common is the system of notation itself.", "pages": [3, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Everyone's circles are interrelated. One touches different circles at different times and places. In Chinese society, the most important relationship-kinshipis similar to the concentric circles formed when a stone is thrown into a lake. Kinship is a social relationship formed through marriage and reproduction. The networks woven by marriage and reproduction can be extended to embrace countless numbers of people-in the past, present, and future. The same meaning is implied in our saying \"<em>Everyone has a cousin three thousand miles away,</em>\" with three thousand miles indicating the vastness of kinship networks. Despite the vastness, though, each network is like a spicier's web in the sense that it centers on oneself. Everyone has this kind of a kinship network, but the people covered by one network are not the same as those covered by any other. We all use the same system of notation to identify our relatives, but the only thing we hold in common is the system of notation itself. This system is merely an abstract pattern, a set", "quote_start_pos": 7326, "quote_exact": "Everyone has a cousin three thousand miles away,", "quoted_text": "Everyone has a cousin three thousand miles away,", "quote_start_page_pos": 531, "quote_prefix": "Everyone's circles are interrelated. One touches different circles at different times and places. In Chinese society, the most important relationship-kinshipis similar to the concentric circles formed when a stone is thrown into a lake. Kinship is a social relationship formed through marriage and reproduction. The networks woven by marriage and reproduction can be extended to embrace countless numbers of people-in the past, present, and future. The same meaning is implied in our saying \"", "quote_suffix": "\" with three thousand miles indicating the vastness of kinship networks. Despite the vastness, though, each network is like a spicier's web in the sense that it centers on oneself. Everyone has this kind of a kinship network, but the people covered by one network are not the same as those covered by any other. We all use the same system of notation to identify our relatives, but the only thing we hold in common is the system of notation itself. This system is merely an abstract pattern, a set", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "different circles at different times and places. In Chinese society, the most important relationship-kinshipis similar to the concentric circles formed when a stone is thrown into a lake. Kinship is a social relationship formed through marriage and reproduction. The networks woven by marriage and reproduction can be extended to embrace countless numbers of people-in the past, present, and future. The same meaning is implied in our saying \"Everyone has a cousin three thousand miles away,\"<em> with three thousand miles indicating the vastness of kinship networks. Despite the vastness, though, each network is like a spicier's web in the sense that it centers on oneself. Everyone has this kind of a kinship network, but the people covered by one network are not the same as those covered by any other. We all use the same system of notation to identify our relatives, but the only thing we hold in common is the system of notation itself. This system is merely an abstract pattern, a set of categorical concepts. When we ltSe this system to identify concrete relatives, however, each term identifies a different person. In our kinship system, we all have parents, but my parents are not your parents. No two people in the world can have entirely the same set of relatives. Two brothers certainly would have the same parents, but each brother would have his own wife and children. Therefore, the web of social relationships linked with kinship is specific to each person. Each web has a self as its center, and every web has a different center. In our rural society, this pattern of organization applies not only to kinship but also to spatial relationships. An exception might be the modern baojia system, which is somewhat similar to the Western organizational mode of association (tuantigeju) and is quite incompatible with traditional social structure.2 In the traditional 2. Baojia is a system of local control, instituted in several forms during the imperial period. The system was based on mutual responsibility of households. Local populations were divided into units, usually composed of ten households each. Members would mutually have the responsibility of seeing that everyone in the baojia unit maintained good order. If a violation occurred and caught the attention of officials, everyone in the baojia unit would be punished for the crime of one of its members. For Fei's discussion of the baojia system that was instituted during the Republican period, see Xiangtu chongjian (Reconstructing rural China) (Xianggang: Wenxue chubanshe, n.d.), chap. 4, p. 50. 64 Chaxugeju structure, every family regards its own household as the center and draws a circle around it. This circle is the neighborhood, which is established to facilitate reciprocation in daily life. A family invites the neighbors to its weddings, sends them red-dyed eggs when a new baby is born, and asks for their help in lifting its dead into coffins and carrying the coffins to the cemetery. But a neighborhood is not a fIXed group. Instead, it is an area whose size is determined by the power and authority of each center. The neighborhood of a powerful family may expand to the entire village, while a poor family's neighborhood is composed of only two or three nearby families. This pattern is just like the circles of kinship. For instance, in The Dream of the Red Chamber, the story's main family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound contained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Baochai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia family house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,</em>\" contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, \"When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.\" There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization", "quote_start_pos": 10501, "quote_exact": " with three thousand miles indicating the vastness of kinship net- works. Despite the vastness, though, each network is like a spi- cier's web in the sense that it centers on oneself. Everyone has this kind of a kinship network, but the people covered by one network are not the same as those covered by any other. We all use the same system of notation to identify our relatives, but the only thing we hold in common is the system of notation itself. This system is merely an abstract pattern, a set of categorical concepts. When we ltSe this system to identify concrete relatives, however, each term identifies a different person. In our kinship system, we all have parents, but my parents are not your parents. No two people in the world can have entirely the same set of relatives. Two brothers certainly would have the same parents, but each brother would have his own wife and children. Therefore, the web of social rela- tionships linked with kinship is specific to each person. Each web has a self as its center, and every web has a different center. In our rural society, this pattern of organization applies not only to kinship but also to spatial relationships. An exception might be the modern baojia system, which is somewhat similar to the West- ern organizational mode of association (tuantigeju) and is quite in- compatible with traditional social structure.2 In the traditional 2. Baojia is a system of local control, instituted in several forms during the im- perial period. The system was based on mutual responsibility of households. Local populations were divided into units, usually composed of ten households each. Members would mutually have the responsibility of seeing that everyone in the baojia unit maintained good order. If a violation occurred and caught the attention of officials, everyone in the baojia unit would be punished for the crime of one of its members. For Fei's discussion of the baojia system that was instituted during the Republican period, see Xiangtu chongjian (Reconstructing rural China) (Xianggang: Wenxue chubanshe, n.d.), chap. 4, p. 50. 64 Chaxugeju structure, every family regards its own household as the center and draws a circle around it. This circle is the neighborhood, which is established to facilitate reciprocation in daily life. A family invites the neighbors to its weddings, sends them red-dyed eggs when a new baby is born, and asks for their help in lifting its dead into coffins and carrying the coffins to the cemetery. But a neighbor- hood is not a fIXed group. Instead, it is an area whose size is deter- mined by the power and authority of each center. The neighbor- hood of a powerful family may expand to the entire village, while a poor family's neighborhood is composed of only two or three nearby families. This pattern is just like the circles of kinship. For instance, in The Dream of the Red Chamber, the story's main family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound con- tained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Bao- chai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia fam- ily house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,", "quoted_text": "with three thousand miles indicating the vastness of kinship net- works. Despite the vastness, though, each network is like a spi- cier's web in the sense that it centers on oneself. Everyone has this kind of a kinship network, but the people covered by one network are not the same as those covered by any other. We all use the same system of notation to identify our relatives, but the only thing we hold in common is the system of notation itself. This system is merely an abstract pattern, a set of categorical concepts. When we ltSe this system to identify concrete relatives, however, each term identifies a different person. In our kinship system, we all have parents, but my parents are not your parents. No two people in the world can have entirely the same set of relatives. Two brothers certainly would have the same parents, but each brother would have his own wife and children. Therefore, the web of social rela- tionships linked with kinship is specific to each person. Each web has a self as its center, and every web has a different center. In our rural society, this pattern of organization applies not only to kinship but also to spatial relationships. An exception might be the modern baojia system, which is somewhat similar to the West- ern organizational mode of association (tuantigeju) and is quite in- compatible with traditional social structure.2 In the traditional 2. Baojia is a system of local control, instituted in several forms during the im- perial period. The system was based on mutual responsibility of households. Local populations were divided into units, usually composed of ten households each. Members would mutually have the responsibility of seeing that everyone in the baojia unit maintained good order. If a violation occurred and caught the attention of officials, everyone in the baojia unit would be punished for the crime of one of its members. For Fei's discussion of the baojia system that was instituted during the Republican period, see Xiangtu chongjian (Reconstructing rural China) (Xianggang: Wenxue chubanshe, n.d.), chap. 4, p. 50. 64 Chaxugeju structure, every family regards its own household as the center and draws a circle around it. This circle is the neighborhood, which is established to facilitate reciprocation in daily life. A family invites the neighbors to its weddings, sends them red-dyed eggs when a new baby is born, and asks for their help in lifting its dead into coffins and carrying the coffins to the cemetery. But a neighbor- hood is not a fIXed group. Instead, it is an area whose size is deter- mined by the power and authority of each center. The neighbor- hood of a powerful family may expand to the entire village, while a poor family's neighborhood is composed of only two or three nearby families. This pattern is just like the circles of kinship. For instance, in The Dream of the Red Chamber, the story's main family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound con- tained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Bao- chai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia fam- ily house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,", "quote_start_page_pos": 580, "quote_prefix": "different circles at different times and places. In Chinese society, the most important relationship-kinshipis similar to the concentric circles formed when a stone is thrown into a lake. Kinship is a social relationship formed through marriage and reproduction. The networks woven by marriage and reproduction can be extended to embrace countless numbers of people-in the past, present, and future. The same meaning is implied in our saying \"Everyone has a cousin three thousand miles away,\"", "quote_suffix": "\" contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, \"When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.\" There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization", "pages": [4, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "expand to the entire village, while a poor family's neighborhood is composed of only two or three nearby families. This pattern is just like the circles of kinship. For instance, in The Dream of the Red Chamber, the story's main family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound contained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Baochai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia family house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,\"<em> contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, </em>\"When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.\" There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization in Chinese traditional society has the special quality of elasticity. In the country, families can be very small, but in the wealthy landlord and bureaucratic classes, families can", "quote_start_pos": 10684, "quote_exact": " contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, ", "quoted_text": "contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1082, "quote_prefix": "expand to the entire village, while a poor family's neighborhood is composed of only two or three nearby families. This pattern is just like the circles of kinship. For instance, in The Dream of the Red Chamber, the story's main family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound contained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Baochai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia family house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.\" There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization in Chinese traditional society has the special quality of elasticity. In the country, families can be very small, but in the wealthy landlord and bureaucratic classes, families can", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Dream of the Red Chamber, the story's main family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound contained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Baochai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia family house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,\" contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, \"<em>When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.</em>\" There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization in Chinese traditional society has the special quality of elasticity. In the country, families can be very small, but in the wealthy landlord and bureaucratic classes, families can be as big as small kingdoms. These highly", "quote_start_pos": 10728, "quote_exact": "When the tree falls, the mon- keys scatter.", "quoted_text": "When the tree falls, the mon- keys scatter.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1265, "quote_prefix": "The Dream of the Red Chamber, the story's main family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound contained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Baochai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia family house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,\" contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization in Chinese traditional society has the special quality of elasticity. In the country, families can be very small, but in the wealthy landlord and bureaucratic classes, families can be as big as small kingdoms. These highly", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound contained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Baochai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia family house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,\" contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, \"When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.\"<em> There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization in Chinese traditional society has the special quality of elasticity. In the country, families can be very small, but in the wealthy landlord and bureaucratic classes, families can be as big as small kingdoms. These highly elastic social circles, which can be expanded or contracted according to a change in the power of the center, cause the Chinese to be particularly sensitive to changes in human relationships. In the West, everyone recognizes his or her social boundaries. Even adult children who still live with their parents usually pay for 3. Written in the eighteenth century by Cao Xueqin, The Dream of the Red Chamber, also known as The Story of the Stone, is China's most famous and widely read novel. The translation by David Hawkes is the best and most complete: Cao Xueqin, The Story of the Stone (5 vols.) (Middlesex, England: Penguin Books, 1973). 4. Su Qin, whose story is recounted in Sima Qian's Shiji (The book of history), lived during the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). SU Qin was renowned for his political intrigues and was eventually executed for spying. Chaxugeju 65 their room and board. People in an organization must fulfill the particular qualifications for membership, and, accordingly, people who no longer possess those qualifications must leave the organization. To Westerners, such requirements show not a lack of human warmth but, rather, a respect for individual rights. Westerners struggle for their rights, but in our society people seek connections in. higher places and do things for the sake of friendship. According to the Western pattern, all members in an organization are equivalent, just as all straws in a bundle are alike. This is quite different from the Chinese pattern. Social relationships in China possess a self-centered quality. Like the ripples formed from a stone thrown into a lake, each circle spreading out from the center becomes more distant and at the same time more insignificant. With this pattern, we are faced with the basic characteristic of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as </em>\"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private", "quote_start_pos": 13468, "quote_exact": " There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization in Chinese traditional society has the special quality of elasticity. In the country, families can be very small, but in the wealthy landlord and bureaucratic classes, fami- lies can be as big as small kingdoms. These highly elastic social circles, which can be expanded or contracted according to a change in the power of the center, cause the Chinese to be particularly sensitive to changes in human relationships. In the West, everyone recognizes his or her social boundaries. Even adult children who still live with their parents usually pay for 3. Written in the eighteenth century by Cao Xueqin, The Dream of the Red Cham- ber, also known as The Story of the Stone, is China's most famous and widely read novel. The translation by David Hawkes is the best and most complete: Cao Xueqin, The Story of the Stone (5 vols.) (Middlesex, England: Penguin Books, 1973). 4. Su Qin, whose story is recounted in Sima Qian's Shiji (The book of history), lived during the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). SU Qin was renowned for his political intrigues and was eventually executed for spying. Chaxugeju 65 their room and board. People in an organization must fulfill the particular qualifications for membership, and, accordingly, people who no longer possess those qualifications must leave the organi- zation. To Westerners, such requirements show not a lack of hu- man warmth but, rather, a respect for individual rights. Western- ers struggle for their rights, but in our society people seek connections in. higher places and do things for the sake of friend- ship. According to the Western pattern, all members in an organiza- tion are equivalent, just as all straws in a bundle are alike. This is quite different from the Chinese pattern. Social relationships in China possess a self-centered quality. Like the ripples formed from a stone thrown into a lake, each circle spreading out from the center be- comes more distant and at the same time more insignificant. With this pattern, we are faced with the basic characteristic of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as ", "quoted_text": "There is even a more extreme case, that of Su Qin, who, after seeking his fortune for many years, returned home as a total failure.4 His wife refused to regard him as a husband, and his sister-in-law refused to regard him as her brother-in-law. This pattern of organization in Chinese traditional society has the special quality of elasticity. In the country, families can be very small, but in the wealthy landlord and bureaucratic classes, fami- lies can be as big as small kingdoms. These highly elastic social circles, which can be expanded or contracted according to a change in the power of the center, cause the Chinese to be particularly sensitive to changes in human relationships. In the West, everyone recognizes his or her social boundaries. Even adult children who still live with their parents usually pay for 3. Written in the eighteenth century by Cao Xueqin, The Dream of the Red Cham- ber, also known as The Story of the Stone, is China's most famous and widely read novel. The translation by David Hawkes is the best and most complete: Cao Xueqin, The Story of the Stone (5 vols.) (Middlesex, England: Penguin Books, 1973). 4. Su Qin, whose story is recounted in Sima Qian's Shiji (The book of history), lived during the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). SU Qin was renowned for his political intrigues and was eventually executed for spying. Chaxugeju 65 their room and board. People in an organization must fulfill the particular qualifications for membership, and, accordingly, people who no longer possess those qualifications must leave the organi- zation. To Westerners, such requirements show not a lack of hu- man warmth but, rather, a respect for individual rights. Western- ers struggle for their rights, but in our society people seek connections in. higher places and do things for the sake of friend- ship. According to the Western pattern, all members in an organiza- tion are equivalent, just as all straws in a bundle are alike. This is quite different from the Chinese pattern. Social relationships in China possess a self-centered quality. Like the ripples formed from a stone thrown into a lake, each circle spreading out from the center be- comes more distant and at the same time more insignificant. With this pattern, we are faced with the basic characteristic of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as", "quote_start_page_pos": 1309, "quote_prefix": "family, the Jia family, was so wealthy and powerful that the family's compound contained both Lin Daiyu, a cousin on the father's side, and Xue Baochai, a cousin on the mother's side.3 Later in the story, the Jia family house, which was called lilia's Grand Garden,\" contained even more distant relatives, such as Baoqin and Xiuyun. But when the Jia family lost its power and wealth, the family dwindled away into a tiny group. As the saying goes, \"When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private", "pages": [5, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "insignificant. With this pattern, we are faced with the basic characteristic of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"<em>the order existing in ripples of water.</em>\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors", "quote_start_pos": 13508, "quote_exact": "the order existing in ripples of water.", "quoted_text": "the order existing in ripples of water.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1373, "quote_prefix": "insignificant. With this pattern, we are faced with the basic characteristic of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "with the basic characteristic of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\"<em> Pan Guangdan once said, </em>\"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these", "quote_start_pos": 13534, "quote_exact": " Pan Guangdan once said, ", "quoted_text": "Pan Guangdan once said,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1413, "quote_prefix": "with the basic characteristic of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"<em>Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.</em>\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers", "quote_start_pos": 13651, "quote_exact": "Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.", "quoted_text": "Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1439, "quote_prefix": "of Chinese social structure, or what the Confucian school has called renlun (human relationships). What is lun? To me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"", "quote_suffix": "\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"<em>s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships</em>\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from", "quote_start_pos": 13736, "quote_exact": "s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships", "quoted_text": "s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships", "quote_start_page_pos": 1556, "quote_prefix": "me, insofar as it is used to describe Chinese social relationships, the term itself signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"", "quote_suffix": "\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\"<em> form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. </em>\"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"Shuo lunzi\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some", "quote_start_pos": 14082, "quote_exact": " form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the pun- ished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, se- niors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. ", "quoted_text": "form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the pun- ished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, se- niors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1641, "quote_prefix": "signifies the ripplelike effect created from circles of relationships that spread out from the self, an effect that produces a pattern of discrete circles. In the ancient text Shiming (The interpretation of names), lun is defined as \"the order existing in ripples of water.\" Pan Guangdan once said, \"Word combinations with lun all have similar meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"Shuo lunzi\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"<em>Everyone should stay in his place</em>\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"Shuo lunzi\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social", "quote_start_pos": 14116, "quote_exact": "Everyone should stay in his place", "quoted_text": "Everyone should stay in his place", "quote_start_page_pos": 1987, "quote_prefix": "meanings, which express proper arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"Shuo lunzi\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\"<em> (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, </em>\"Shuo lunzi\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social relationships, such as gods and ghosts, monarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives, are placed in the same category as the abstract positional types, such", "quote_start_pos": 14290, "quote_exact": " (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, ", "quoted_text": "(bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2021, "quote_prefix": "arrangements, classifications, and order.\"s Lun stresses differentiation. In the Book of Rites (Liji), the /lten relationships\" form a discontinuous classification. Gods and ghosts, rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Shuo lunzi\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social relationships, such as gods and ghosts, monarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives, are placed in the same category as the abstract positional types, such", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"<em>Shuo lunzi</em>\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social relationships, such as gods and ghosts, monarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives, are placed in the same category as the abstract positional types, such as the noble", "quote_start_pos": 14301, "quote_exact": "Shuo lunzi", "quoted_text": "Shuo lunzi", "quote_start_page_pos": 2195, "quote_prefix": "rnonarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social relationships, such as gods and ghosts, monarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives, are placed in the same category as the abstract positional types, such as the noble", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"Shuo lunzi\"<em> (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (Social study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual practices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social relationships, such as gods and ghosts, monarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives, are placed in the same category as the abstract positional types, such as the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the remote and the close, those above and those below. In fact, the basic character of traditional Chinese social structure rests precisely on such hierarchical differentiations as these. Therefore, the key to understanding networks of human relationships is to recognize that such distinctions create the very patterns of Chinese social organization. In the Book ofRites, it is written, </em>\"Toward the intimate, there is only intimacy; toward the respected, only respect; toward superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality", "quote_start_pos": 15247, "quote_exact": " (On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (So- cial study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual prac- tices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social relationships, such as gods and ghosts, monarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives, are placed in the same category as the abstract positional types, such as the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the remote and the close, those above and those below. In fact, the basic char- acter of traditional Chinese social structure rests precisely on such hierarchical differentiations as these. Therefore, the key to under- standing networks of human relationships is to recognize that such distinctions create the very patterns of Chinese social organization. In the Book ofRites, it is written, ", "quoted_text": "(On relationships), Shehui yanjiu (So- cial study), 19. 6. The Book of Rites, one of the Confucian classics, was compiled during the Western Han period (206 B.C.-A.D. 8) and contains early discussion of ritual prac- tices. 66 Chaxugeju Lun is order based on classifications. Some may wonder why the concrete social relationships, such as gods and ghosts, monarchs and subjects, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives, are placed in the same category as the abstract positional types, such as the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the remote and the close, those above and those below. In fact, the basic char- acter of traditional Chinese social structure rests precisely on such hierarchical differentiations as these. Therefore, the key to under- standing networks of human relationships is to recognize that such distinctions create the very patterns of Chinese social organization. In the Book ofRites, it is written,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2206, "quote_prefix": "and subjects, fathers and sons, the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the rewarded and the punished, husbands and wives, public affairs and private affairs, seniors and juniors, and superiors and inferiors-these are principal types of human relationships. \"Everyone should stay in his place\" (bu shi qi lun); thereby, fathers are differentiated from sons, those remote from those close, those who are intimate from those who are not.6 5. Fei's note: Pan Guangdan, \"Shuo lunzi\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Toward the intimate, there is only intimacy; toward the respected, only respect; toward superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality", "pages": [6, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "category as the abstract positional types, such as the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the remote and the close, those above and those below. In fact, the basic character of traditional Chinese social structure rests precisely on such hierarchical differentiations as these. Therefore, the key to understanding networks of human relationships is to recognize that such distinctions create the very patterns of Chinese social organization. In the Book ofRites, it is written, \"<em>Toward the intimate, there is only intimacy; toward the respected, only respect; toward superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.</em>\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising", "quote_start_pos": 15446, "quote_exact": "Toward the intimate, there is only intimacy; toward the respected, only respect; toward superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.", "quoted_text": "Toward the intimate, there is only intimacy; toward the respected, only respect; toward superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.", "quote_start_page_pos": 722, "quote_prefix": "category as the abstract positional types, such as the noble and the base, the intimate and the unconnected, the remote and the close, those above and those below. In fact, the basic character of traditional Chinese social structure rests precisely on such hierarchical differentiations as these. Therefore, the key to understanding networks of human relationships is to recognize that such distinctions create the very patterns of Chinese social organization. In the Book ofRites, it is written, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "traditional Chinese social structure rests precisely on such hierarchical differentiations as these. Therefore, the key to understanding networks of human relationships is to recognize that such distinctions create the very patterns of Chinese social organization. In the Book ofRites, it is written, \"Toward the intimate, there is only intimacy; toward the respected, only respect; toward superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\"<em> This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,</em>\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is", "quote_start_pos": 15837, "quote_exact": " This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the cen- ter. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,", "quoted_text": "This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the cen- ter. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,", "quote_start_page_pos": 921, "quote_prefix": "traditional Chinese social structure rests precisely on such hierarchical differentiations as these. Therefore, the key to understanding networks of human relationships is to recognize that such distinctions create the very patterns of Chinese social organization. In the Book ofRites, it is written, \"Toward the intimate, there is only intimacy; toward the respected, only respect; toward superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\"", "quote_suffix": "\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\"<em> Confucius explained that one should </em>\"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in au-", "quote_start_pos": 15877, "quote_exact": " Con- fucius explained that one should ", "quoted_text": "Con- fucius explained that one should", "quote_start_page_pos": 1312, "quote_prefix": "superiors, only deference; between men and women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in au-", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"<em>control oneself and conform to rituals</em>\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in authority will never be found to disturb", "quote_start_pos": 15916, "quote_exact": "control oneself and conform to rituals", "quoted_text": "control oneself and conform to rituals", "quote_start_page_pos": 1352, "quote_prefix": "women, only differences; these are things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in authority will never be found to disturb", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\"<em> (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, </em>\"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in authority will never be found to disturb the peace and order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the", "quote_start_pos": 16144, "quote_exact": " (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relation- ships. Confucius wrote, ", "quoted_text": "(ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relation- ships. Confucius wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1391, "quote_prefix": "things that people cannot alter.\" This means that the framework of social structure is unchangeable; what is changeable is only the use to which the framework is put. Confucius paid a lot of attention to the word tui (pushing or extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\"", "quote_suffix": "\"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in authority will never be found to disturb the peace and order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"<em>When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in authority will never be found to disturb the peace and order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.</em>\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learning, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the \"Four Books.\" These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation", "quote_start_pos": 16577, "quote_exact": "When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in au- thority will never be found to disturb the peace and order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental prin- ciples of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.", "quoted_text": "When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in au- thority will never be found to disturb the peace and order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental prin- ciples of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1619, "quote_prefix": "extending out), in the sense of ripples expanding out from the center. He first recognized the centrality of the self. Noting that one should lido to others as you would have done to yourself,\" Confucius explained that one should \"control oneself and conform to rituals\" (ke ji fu Ii). By exercising such self-restraint, one cultivates moral character. Attaining control over one's inner self, one then can tui, can extend oneself out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learning, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the \"Four Books.\" These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in authority will never be found to disturb the peace and order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"<em>7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learning, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the </em>\"Four Books.\" These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius", "quote_start_pos": 16936, "quote_exact": "7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doc- trine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learn- ing, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the ", "quoted_text": "7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doc- trine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learn- ing, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the", "quote_start_page_pos": 2052, "quote_prefix": "out into other circles of human relationships. Confucius wrote, \"When the inner person is established, the way is born. . . . A man who is a good son and a dutiful\u00b7brother will seldom be disposed to quarrel with those in authority over him, and a man who is not disposed to quarrel with those in authority will never be found to disturb the peace and order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Four Books.\" These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learning, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the \"<em>Four Books.</em>\" These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying", "quote_start_pos": 16948, "quote_exact": "Four Books.", "quoted_text": "Four Books.", "quote_start_page_pos": 2411, "quote_prefix": "order of the state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learning, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learning, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the \"Four Books.\"<em> These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying that he </em>\"was good at extending himself.\" In these elastic networks that make up Chinese society, there is always a self at the center of each web. But this notion of the self amounts to egocentrism, not individualism. With individualism, individuals make up organizations in the same way that parts make up the whole. The balance between parts and whole produces a concept of equality: since the position of each individual in an organization is the same, one person cannot encroach on the others. It also produces", "quote_start_pos": 17462, "quote_exact": " These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying that he ", "quoted_text": "These books were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying that he", "quote_start_page_pos": 2423, "quote_prefix": "state. A gentleman devotes his attention to the fundamental principles of life. When this foundation is laid, wisdom will follow.\"7 The path runs from the self to the family, from the family to the state, and from the state to the whole world (tianxia). In the Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong), the five relationships (monarch and 7. Analects, Book 1, chap. 2. The Analects, The Works of Mencius, The Great Learning, and the Doctrine of the Mean make up what is known in China as the \"Four Books.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"was good at extending himself.\" In these elastic networks that make up Chinese society, there is always a self at the center of each web. But this notion of the self amounts to egocentrism, not individualism. With individualism, individuals make up organizations in the same way that parts make up the whole. The balance between parts and whole produces a concept of equality: since the position of each individual in an organization is the same, one person cannot encroach on the others. It also produces", "pages": [7, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying that he \"<em>was good at extending himself.</em>\" In these elastic networks that make up Chinese society, there is always a self at the center of each web. But this notion of the self amounts to egocentrism, not individualism. With individualism, individuals make up organizations in the same way that parts make up the whole. The balance between parts and whole produces a concept of equality: since the position of each individual in an organization is the same, one person cannot encroach on the others. It also produces a concept of constitutionality:", "quote_start_pos": 17493, "quote_exact": "was good at extending himself.", "quoted_text": "was good at extending himself.", "quote_start_page_pos": 330, "quote_prefix": "were regarded as Confucian classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying that he \"", "quote_suffix": "\" In these elastic networks that make up Chinese society, there is always a self at the center of each web. But this notion of the self amounts to egocentrism, not individualism. With individualism, individuals make up organizations in the same way that parts make up the whole. The balance between parts and whole produces a concept of equality: since the position of each individual in an organization is the same, one person cannot encroach on the others. It also produces a concept of constitutionality:", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying that he \"was good at extending himself.\"<em> In these elastic networks that make up Chinese society, there is always a self at the center of each web. But this notion of the self amounts to egocentrism, not individualism. With individualism, individuals make up organizations in the same way that parts make up the whole. The balance between parts and whole produces a concept of equality: since the position of each individual in an organization is the same, one person cannot encroach on the others. It also produces a concept of constitutionality: an organization cannot deny the rights of an individual; it controls individuals merely on the basis of the partial rights they have willingly handed over. Without these concepts, such organizations as these could not exist. However, in Chinese traditional thought, there is no comparable set of ideas, because, for us, there is only egocentrism. Everything worthwhile rests on an ideology in which the self is central. This kind of egocentrism is not limited to the actions of someone like Yang Zhu, who was unwilling to pluck out even a single hair in order to benefit the world.9 It also includes the Confucians. The difference between Yang Zhu and Confucius himself is that Yang Zhu neglected the relative, elastic qualities of egocentrism. He held his self close and would not let it out. Confucius, however, felt that people need to extend beyond themselves in order to achieve their own interests. But even if one extends as far as possible, one's self is still at the center. Confucius wrote, </em>\"A ruler who uses government to achieve virtue is like the North Star, which makes all the others stars surround it.\" 10 This is, in fact, a very apt simile for describing the Chinese system of organization, that of a pattern of 8. Zhongyong (Doctrine of the mean) is one of the four books regarded as the classic texts of Chinese civilization. It is said to have been written by Zisi in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). 9. Yang Zhu, a philosopher who lived in the Warring States period (480-221", "quote_start_pos": 19008, "quote_exact": " In these elastic networks that make up Chinese society, there is always a self at the center of each web. But this notion of the self amounts to egocentrism, not individualism. With individualism, individuals make up organizations in the same way that parts make up the whole. The balance between parts and whole produces a concept of equality: since the position of each individual in an or- ganization is the same, one person cannot encroach on the others. It also produces a concept of constitutionality: an organization can- not deny the rights of an individual; it controls individuals merely on the basis of the partial rights they have willingly handed over. Without these concepts, such organizations as these could not exist. However, in Chinese traditional thought, there is no com- parable set of ideas, because, for us, there is only egocentrism. Everything worthwhile rests on an ideology in which the self is central. This kind of egocentrism is not limited to the actions of someone like Yang Zhu, who was unwilling to pluck out even a single hair in order to benefit the world.9 It also includes the Confucians. The difference between Yang Zhu and Confucius himself is that Yang Zhu neglected the relative, elastic qualities of egocentrism. He held his self close and would not let it out. Confucius, however, felt that people need to extend beyond themselves in order to achieve their own interests. But even if one extends as far as possible, one's self is still at the center. Confucius wrote, ", "quoted_text": "In these elastic networks that make up Chinese society, there is always a self at the center of each web. But this notion of the self amounts to egocentrism, not individualism. With individualism, individuals make up organizations in the same way that parts make up the whole. The balance between parts and whole produces a concept of equality: since the position of each individual in an or- ganization is the same, one person cannot encroach on the others. It also produces a concept of constitutionality: an organization can- not deny the rights of an individual; it controls individuals merely on the basis of the partial rights they have willingly handed over. Without these concepts, such organizations as these could not exist. However, in Chinese traditional thought, there is no com- parable set of ideas, because, for us, there is only egocentrism. Everything worthwhile rests on an ideology in which the self is central. This kind of egocentrism is not limited to the actions of someone like Yang Zhu, who was unwilling to pluck out even a single hair in order to benefit the world.9 It also includes the Confucians. The difference between Yang Zhu and Confucius himself is that Yang Zhu neglected the relative, elastic qualities of egocentrism. He held his self close and would not let it out. Confucius, however, felt that people need to extend beyond themselves in order to achieve their own interests. But even if one extends as far as possible, one's self is still at the center. Confucius wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 361, "quote_prefix": "classics and constituted the core of classical education. The Analects contains a compilation of dialogues between Confucius and his disciples. Chaxugeju 67 subject, father and son, husband and wife, older and younger brothers, and friends) are regarded as passages to the world (tianxia zhi dadao).8 In such a social structure, the way to go beyond oneself and reach out to the world is to extend oneself circle by circle. Mencius even praised Confucius by saying that he \"was good at extending himself.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A ruler who uses government to achieve virtue is like the North Star, which makes all the others stars surround it.\" 10 This is, in fact, a very apt simile for describing the Chinese system of organization, that of a pattern of 8. Zhongyong (Doctrine of the mean) is one of the four books regarded as the classic texts of Chinese civilization. It is said to have been written by Zisi in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). 9. Yang Zhu, a philosopher who lived in the Warring States period (480-221", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "who was unwilling to pluck out even a single hair in order to benefit the world.9 It also includes the Confucians. The difference between Yang Zhu and Confucius himself is that Yang Zhu neglected the relative, elastic qualities of egocentrism. He held his self close and would not let it out. Confucius, however, felt that people need to extend beyond themselves in order to achieve their own interests. But even if one extends as far as possible, one's self is still at the center. Confucius wrote, \"<em>A ruler who uses government to achieve virtue is like the North Star, which makes all the others stars surround it.</em>\" 10 This is, in fact, a very apt simile for describing the Chinese system of organization, that of a pattern of 8. Zhongyong (Doctrine of the mean) is one of the four books regarded as the classic texts of Chinese civilization. It is said to have been written by Zisi in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). 9. Yang Zhu, a philosopher who lived in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.), opposed the ethical philosophy of Confucius and Motzu and advocated the importance of individual life and", "quote_start_pos": 19126, "quote_exact": "A ruler who uses govern- ment to achieve virtue is like the North Star, which makes all the others stars surround it.", "quoted_text": "A ruler who uses govern- ment to achieve virtue is like the North Star, which makes all the others stars surround it.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1876, "quote_prefix": "who was unwilling to pluck out even a single hair in order to benefit the world.9 It also includes the Confucians. The difference between Yang Zhu and Confucius himself is that Yang Zhu neglected the relative, elastic qualities of egocentrism. He held his self close and would not let it out. Confucius, however, felt that people need to extend beyond themselves in order to achieve their own interests. But even if one extends as far as possible, one's self is still at the center. Confucius wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 10 This is, in fact, a very apt simile for describing the Chinese system of organization, that of a pattern of 8. Zhongyong (Doctrine of the mean) is one of the four books regarded as the classic texts of Chinese civilization. It is said to have been written by Zisi in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). 9. Yang Zhu, a philosopher who lived in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.), opposed the ethical philosophy of Confucius and Motzu and advocated the importance of individual life and", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "difference between Yang Zhu and Confucius himself is that Yang Zhu neglected the relative, elastic qualities of egocentrism. He held his self close and would not let it out. Confucius, however, felt that people need to extend beyond themselves in order to achieve their own interests. But even if one extends as far as possible, one's self is still at the center. Confucius wrote, \"A ruler who uses government to achieve virtue is like the North Star, which makes all the others stars surround it.\"<em> 10 This is, in fact, a very apt simile for describing the Chinese system of organization, that of a pattern of 8. Zhongyong (Doctrine of the mean) is one of the four books regarded as the classic texts of Chinese civilization. It is said to have been written by Zisi in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). 9. Yang Zhu, a philosopher who lived in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.), opposed the ethical philosophy of Confucius and Motzu and advocated the importance of individual life and self-interest. 10. Analects, Book 2, chap. 1. 68 Chaxugeju discrete circles, the differential mode of association (chaxugeju). The self is always at the center; so, like the motionless North Star, the self is always surrounded by others who come under the influence of the center. In this regard, Confucius is not like Jesus Christ. Jesus transcends human organizations. He has his Heaven; so he can sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven, for something beyond human society. Confucius, however, is different. One of his disciples, Zigong, said to him, </em>\"If there were a man who extensively carried out good works for the welfare of the people and really gave benefits to the multitude, what would you say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?\" The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevolence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening", "quote_start_pos": 20183, "quote_exact": " 10 This is, in fact, a very apt simile for describing the Chinese system of organization, that of a pattern of 8. Zhongyong (Doctrine of the mean) is one of the four books regarded as the classic texts of Chinese civilization. It is said to have been written by Zisi in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). 9. Yang Zhu, a philosopher who lived in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.), opposed the ethical philosophy of Confucius and Motzu and advocated the importance of individual life and self-interest. 10. Analects, Book 2, chap. 1. 68 Chaxugeju discrete circles, the differential mode of association (chaxugeju). The self is always at the center; so, like the motionless North Star, the self is always surrounded by others who come under the influence of the center. In this regard, Confucius is not like Jesus Christ. Jesus transcends human organizations. He has his Heaven; so he can sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven, for something beyond human society. Confucius, however, is different. One of his disciples, Zigong, said to him, ", "quoted_text": "10 This is, in fact, a very apt simile for describing the Chinese system of organization, that of a pattern of 8. Zhongyong (Doctrine of the mean) is one of the four books regarded as the classic texts of Chinese civilization. It is said to have been written by Zisi in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.). 9. Yang Zhu, a philosopher who lived in the Warring States period (480-221 B.C.), opposed the ethical philosophy of Confucius and Motzu and advocated the importance of individual life and self-interest. 10. Analects, Book 2, chap. 1. 68 Chaxugeju discrete circles, the differential mode of association (chaxugeju). The self is always at the center; so, like the motionless North Star, the self is always surrounded by others who come under the influence of the center. In this regard, Confucius is not like Jesus Christ. Jesus transcends human organizations. He has his Heaven; so he can sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven, for something beyond human society. Confucius, however, is different. One of his disciples, Zigong, said to him,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1994, "quote_prefix": "difference between Yang Zhu and Confucius himself is that Yang Zhu neglected the relative, elastic qualities of egocentrism. He held his self close and would not let it out. Confucius, however, felt that people need to extend beyond themselves in order to achieve their own interests. But even if one extends as far as possible, one's self is still at the center. Confucius wrote, \"A ruler who uses government to achieve virtue is like the North Star, which makes all the others stars surround it.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"If there were a man who extensively carried out good works for the welfare of the people and really gave benefits to the multitude, what would you say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?\" The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevolence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening", "pages": [8, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Chaxugeju discrete circles, the differential mode of association (chaxugeju). The self is always at the center; so, like the motionless North Star, the self is always surrounded by others who come under the influence of the center. In this regard, Confucius is not like Jesus Christ. Jesus transcends human organizations. He has his Heaven; so he can sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven, for something beyond human society. Confucius, however, is different. One of his disciples, Zigong, said to him, \"<em>If there were a man who extensively carried out good works for the welfare of the people and really gave benefits to the multitude, what would you say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?</em>\" The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevolence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of", "quote_start_pos": 20386, "quote_exact": "If there were a man who extensively carried out good works for the welfare of the people and really gave benefits to the multitude, what would you say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?", "quoted_text": "If there were a man who extensively carried out good works for the welfare of the people and really gave benefits to the multitude, what would you say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?", "quote_start_page_pos": 510, "quote_prefix": "Chaxugeju discrete circles, the differential mode of association (chaxugeju). The self is always at the center; so, like the motionless North Star, the self is always surrounded by others who come under the influence of the center. In this regard, Confucius is not like Jesus Christ. Jesus transcends human organizations. He has his Heaven; so he can sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven, for something beyond human society. Confucius, however, is different. One of his disciples, Zigong, said to him, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevolence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "influence of the center. In this regard, Confucius is not like Jesus Christ. Jesus transcends human organizations. He has his Heaven; so he can sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven, for something beyond human society. Confucius, however, is different. One of his disciples, Zigong, said to him, \"If there were a man who extensively carried out good works for the welfare of the people and really gave benefits to the multitude, what would you say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?\"<em> The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevolence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.</em>\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone", "quote_start_pos": 20829, "quote_exact": " The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevo- lence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accom- plish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral char- acter, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.", "quoted_text": "The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevo- lence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accom- plish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral char- acter, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.", "quote_start_page_pos": 713, "quote_prefix": "influence of the center. In this regard, Confucius is not like Jesus Christ. Jesus transcends human organizations. He has his Heaven; so he can sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven, for something beyond human society. Confucius, however, is different. One of his disciples, Zigong, said to him, \"If there were a man who extensively carried out good works for the welfare of the people and really gave benefits to the multitude, what would you say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?\"", "quote_suffix": "\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?\" The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevolence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\"<em> 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, </em>\"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\" Confucius answered, \"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice", "quote_start_pos": 20960, "quote_exact": " 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, ", "quoted_text": "11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1156, "quote_prefix": "say of such a man? Could he be called benevolent (ren)?\" The Master said, lilt is not a matter of benevolence with such a man. If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\" Confucius answered, \"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"<em>What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.</em>\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\" Confucius answered, \"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions.", "quote_start_pos": 21042, "quote_exact": "What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.", "quoted_text": "What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1287, "quote_prefix": "If you must describe him, sage is the right word. Even Yao and Shun would have found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\" Confucius answered, \"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions.", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\"<em> With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?</em>\" Confucius answered, \"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions. But Confucius was certainly not like Yang Zhu, who used his miserly little self to control all situations. Instead, Confucius expanded and contracted the moral scope according to necessity. Once we understand these highly elastic social spheres, we are able to understand the problem of selfishness in Chinese soci11. Ibid.,", "quote_start_pos": 21380, "quote_exact": " With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?", "quoted_text": "With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?", "quote_start_page_pos": 1369, "quote_prefix": "found it difficult to accomplish as much. A benevolent man, in forming his own moral character, forms the character of others; in enlightening himself, he enlightens others. This is a good method for attaining a moral life, if one is able to profit by the example of those near at hand.\" 11 Confucian ethics cannot be divorced from the idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\"", "quote_suffix": "\" Confucius answered, \"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions. But Confucius was certainly not like Yang Zhu, who used his miserly little self to control all situations. Instead, Confucius expanded and contracted the moral scope according to necessity. Once we understand these highly elastic social spheres, we are able to understand the problem of selfishness in Chinese soci11. Ibid.,", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\"<em> Confucius answered, </em>\"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions. But Confucius was certainly not like Yang Zhu, who used his miserly little self to control all situations. Instead, Confucius expanded and contracted the moral scope according to necessity. Once we understand these highly elastic social spheres, we are able to understand the problem of selfishness in Chinese soci11. Ibid., Book 6, chap. 28. Yao", "quote_start_pos": 21402, "quote_exact": " Confucius answered, ", "quoted_text": "Confucius answered,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1707, "quote_prefix": "idea of discrete centers fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions. But Confucius was certainly not like Yang Zhu, who used his miserly little self to control all situations. Instead, Confucius expanded and contracted the moral scope according to necessity. Once we understand these highly elastic social spheres, we are able to understand the problem of selfishness in Chinese soci11. Ibid., Book 6, chap. 28. Yao", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\" Confucius answered, \"<em>Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.</em>\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions. But Confucius was certainly not like Yang Zhu, who used his miserly little self to control all situations. Instead, Confucius expanded and contracted the moral scope according to necessity. Once we understand these highly elastic social spheres, we are able to understand the problem of selfishness in Chinese soci11. Ibid., Book 6, chap. 28. Yao and Shun are the legendary early rulers of China who established China's golden age.", "quote_start_pos": 21489, "quote_exact": "Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.", "quoted_text": "Why should one return good for evil? Treat evil with justice and return good for good.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1729, "quote_prefix": "fanning out into a weblike network. As Confucius wrote, \"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the petty man seeks is in others.\" With sentiments such as these, Confucius could not be like Jesus, who so loved everyone under the sun, including his enemies, that he asked God to have mercy on those who killed him. These actions could not have been motivated by egocentrism. What would Confucius have done? When someone asked him, IIWhat about returning good for evil?\" Confucius answered, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 12 Confucius could not put aside these kinds of distinctions. But Confucius was certainly not like Yang Zhu, who used his miserly little self to control all situations. Instead, Confucius expanded and contracted the moral scope according to necessity. Once we understand these highly elastic social spheres, we are able to understand the problem of selfishness in Chinese soci11. Ibid., Book 6, chap. 28. Yao and Shun are the legendary early rulers of China who established China's golden age.", "pages": [9, 9]}], "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6km.8"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn6t0.15"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn71b.5"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn758.23"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn7gm.3"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn7sz.18"}	
{"quotes": [{"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Notes PREFACE 1. Richard Hofstadtcr, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). 2. Reagan's speech is reprinted in the New York Times, 17 March 1986, p. 8. For other references to Nicaragua as a cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"<em>Talk of the Town,</em>\" The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed.", "quote_start_pos": 453, "quote_exact": "Talk of the Town,", "quoted_text": "Talk of the Town,", "quote_start_page_pos": 436, "quote_prefix": "Notes PREFACE 1. Richard Hofstadtcr, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). 2. Reagan's speech is reprinted in the New York Times, 17 March 1986, p. 8. For other references to Nicaragua as a cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed.", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Notes PREFACE 1. Richard Hofstadtcr, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). 2. Reagan's speech is reprinted in the New York Times, 17 March 1986, p. 8. For other references to Nicaragua as a cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"Talk of the Town,\"<em> The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, </em>\"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard,", "quote_start_pos": 645, "quote_exact": " The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, ", "quoted_text": "The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green,", "quote_start_page_pos": 454, "quote_prefix": "Notes PREFACE 1. Richard Hofstadtcr, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). 2. Reagan's speech is reprinted in the New York Times, 17 March 1986, p. 8. For other references to Nicaragua as a cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"Talk of the Town,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard,", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Times, 17 March 1986, p. 8. For other references to Nicaragua as a cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"<em>Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,</em>\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p.", "quote_start_pos": 714, "quote_exact": "Presidential Leadership and the Resur- gence of Trust in Government,", "quoted_text": "Presidential Leadership and the Resur- gence of Trust in Government,", "quote_start_page_pos": 646, "quote_prefix": "Times, 17 March 1986, p. 8. For other references to Nicaragua as a cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p.", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\"<em> British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, </em>\"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material", "quote_start_pos": 1011, "quote_exact": " British Journal of Political Science (forth- coming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, ", "quoted_text": "British Journal of Political Science (forth- coming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown,", "quote_start_page_pos": 715, "quote_prefix": "cancer, sec New York Times, 11 February 1986, p. 31; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 March 1986, p. 5; 18 March 1986, p. 12. 3. San Francisco Examiner, 16 March 1986, pp. Al , A13; San Francisco Chronicle, 18 March 1986, p. 12; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 31 March 1986, pp. 19-20; New York Times, 10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"<em>John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,</em>\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler.", "quote_start_pos": 1044, "quote_exact": "John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,", "quoted_text": "John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1012, "quote_prefix": "10 November 1984, p. 4. 4. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler.", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\"<em> San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, </em>\"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies:", "quote_start_pos": 1154, "quote_exact": " San Fran- cisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, ", "quoted_text": "San Fran- cisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1045, "quote_prefix": "Francisco Chronicle, 19 March 1986, p. 1; 15 April 1986, p. 11; Jack Citrin and Donald Philip Green, \"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"How Reagan Seduced Us,\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies:", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"<em>How Reagan Seduced Us,</em>\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological", "quote_start_pos": 1177, "quote_exact": "How Reagan Seduced Us,", "quoted_text": "How Reagan Seduced Us,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1155, "quote_prefix": "\"Presidential Leadership and the Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological", "pages": [1, 1]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\"<em> Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, </em>\"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always", "quote_start_pos": 2000, "quote_exact": " Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, ", "quoted_text": "Village Voice, 1 8 September 1984, p. 9. Cf. Ernst Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957). 301 302 Notes to Pages 5-11 4. Cf. George E. Reedy, The Twilight of the Presidency (New York, 1970), ix-xv, 17-23. 5. Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 629-30. I owe this last point as well as other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1178, "quote_prefix": "Resurgence of Trust in Government,\" British Journal of Political Science (forthcoming). CHAPTER I. RONALD REAGAN, THE MOVIE 1. San Francisco Chronicle, 28 September 1984, p. 24; 30 March 1985, p. 6; Robert Scheer, With Enough Shovels: Reagan, Bush, and Nuclear War, 2d ed. (New York, 1983), 283-86. 2. Neil Henry and Chip Brown, \"John Hinckley Jr.'s Lonely Past,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 6 April 1981, pp. 7-8. 3. New York Times, 29 April 1981, p. 12; Mark Hertsgaard, \"How Reagan Seduced Us,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always", "pages": [1, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"<em>Postmodernism and Consumer Society,</em>\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times,", "quote_start_pos": 2036, "quote_exact": "Postmodernism and Consumer Society,", "quoted_text": "Postmodernism and Consumer Society,", "quote_start_page_pos": 713, "quote_prefix": "other material used in this chapter to Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\"<em> and Jean Baudrillard, </em>\"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985,", "quote_start_pos": 2060, "quote_exact": " and Jean Baudrillard, ", "quoted_text": "and Jean Baudrillard,", "quote_start_page_pos": 749, "quote_prefix": "Harry Krcisler. 6. Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"<em>The Ecstasy of Communication,</em>\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle,", "quote_start_pos": 2090, "quote_exact": "The Ecstasy of Communication,", "quoted_text": "The Ecstasy of Communication,", "quote_start_page_pos": 773, "quote_prefix": "Michael Wood, America in the Movies (New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\"<em> in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, </em>\"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985,", "quote_start_pos": 2279, "quote_exact": " in Hal Foster, ed., The Anti- Aesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, ", "quoted_text": "in Hal Foster, ed., The Anti- Aesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad,", "quote_start_page_pos": 803, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1975), 3-14; Martha Wolfenstein and Nathan Leites, Movies: A Psychological Study (Glcncoc, 111., 1950), 11-14. 7. Richard Schickel, D.W. Griffith (New York, 1984), 465. 8. Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"<em>Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,</em>\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The", "quote_start_pos": 2349, "quote_exact": "Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,", "quoted_text": "Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 992, "quote_prefix": "Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hubler, Where's the Rest of Me? (New York, 1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\"<em> Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, </em>\"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast", "quote_start_pos": 2402, "quote_exact": " Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, ", "quoted_text": "Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1062, "quote_prefix": "1965), 79. Subsequent citations will abbreviate this source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"<em>A Political Journal,</em>\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985.", "quote_start_pos": 2423, "quote_exact": "A Political Journal,", "quoted_text": "A Political Journal,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1115, "quote_prefix": "source as WRM. Cf. Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985.", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\"<em> The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, </em>\"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of", "quote_start_pos": 2486, "quote_exact": " The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, ", "quoted_text": "The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1136, "quote_prefix": "Carolyn Porter, Seeing and Being (Middletown, Conn., 1981). 9. Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"<em>How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,</em>\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk", "quote_start_pos": 2525, "quote_exact": "How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,", "quoted_text": "How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1199, "quote_prefix": "Frcdric Jameson, \"Postmodernism and Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\"<em> New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, </em>\"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of", "quote_start_pos": 2632, "quote_exact": " New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, ", "quoted_text": "New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1238, "quote_prefix": "Consumer Society,\" and Jean Baudrillard, \"The Ecstasy of Communication,\" in Hal Foster, ed., The AntiAesthetic: Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"<em>A Reporter in Washington,</em>\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass.,", "quote_start_pos": 2660, "quote_exact": "A Re- porter in Washington,", "quoted_text": "A Re- porter in Washington,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1345, "quote_prefix": "Essays in Postmodern Culture (Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass.,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\"<em> The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, </em>\"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars,", "quote_start_pos": 2873, "quote_exact": " The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, ", "quoted_text": "The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1373, "quote_prefix": "(Port Townsend, Wash., 1983), 111 \u2014 34; Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984), 29-31. 10. Betty Glad, \"Black-and-White Thinking: Ronald Reagan's Approach to Foreign Policy,\" Political Psychology 4 (1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"<em>Reagan, the Movie,</em>\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of", "quote_start_pos": 2892, "quote_exact": "Reagan, the Movie,", "quoted_text": "Reagan, the Movie,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1586, "quote_prefix": "(1983): 52; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\"<em> was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, </em>\"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography", "quote_start_pos": 2948, "quote_exact": " was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, ", "quoted_text": "was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1605, "quote_prefix": "Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 29 October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"<em>Your Host of Hosts,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\"", "quote_start_pos": 2968, "quote_exact": "Your Host of Hosts,", "quoted_text": "Your Host of Hosts,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1661, "quote_prefix": "October 1984, pp. 140-41; Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\"", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; </em>\"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds.,", "quote_start_pos": 3021, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40;", "quote_start_page_pos": 1681, "quote_prefix": "Martin Tolchin, \"How Reagan Always Gets the Best Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds.,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"<em>Talk of the Town,</em>\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research,", "quote_start_pos": 3039, "quote_exact": "Talk of the Town,", "quoted_text": "Talk of the Town,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1734, "quote_prefix": "Lines,\" New York Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\"<em> The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, </em>\"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid.,", "quote_start_pos": 3440, "quote_exact": " The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 196- 97. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, ", "quoted_text": "The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 196- 97. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1752, "quote_prefix": "Times, 9 September 1985, p. 9. 11. San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1985, p. 8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Reporter in Washington,\" The New Yorker, 8 April 1985, p. 100; 7 October 1985, p. 112; New York Times, 17 August 1981, p. 10; 9 September 1985, p. 9; Public Papers of the Presidents, 30 April 1981, pp. 85-86. The Sixty Minutes segment, \"Reagan, the Movie,\" was broadcast 15 December 1985. 12. Robert G. Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid.,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"<em>Biography in Popular Magazines,</em>\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White", "quote_start_pos": 3474, "quote_exact": "Biography in Pop- ular Magazines,", "quoted_text": "Biography in Pop- ular Magazines,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2153, "quote_prefix": "Kaiser, \"Your Host of Hosts,\" New York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\"<em> in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, </em>\"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White Racism: A Psychohistory (New York, 1970), 32; San Francisco E,xaminer, 29 April 1984, p. 18; Lloyd De Mause, Reagan's America (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 3611, "quote_exact": " in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Re- search, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, ", "quoted_text": "in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Re- search, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2187, "quote_prefix": "York Review of Books, 28 June 1984, pp. 38-40; \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 26 March 1984, pp. 37-38. 13. Robert Dallek, Ronald Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White Racism: A Psychohistory (New York, 1970), 32; San Francisco E,xaminer, 29 April 1984, p. 18; Lloyd De Mause, Reagan's America (New York,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"<em>Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,</em>\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White Racism: A Psychohistory (New York, 1970), 32; San Francisco E,xaminer, 29 April 1984, p. 18; Lloyd De Mause, Reagan's America (New York, 1984), 161. Notes to Pages 11-26 303 20. Lou Cannon,", "quote_start_pos": 3668, "quote_exact": "Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,", "quoted_text": "Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2324, "quote_prefix": "Reagan: The Politics of Symbolism (Cambridge, Mass., 1984), 6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White Racism: A Psychohistory (New York, 1970), 32; San Francisco E,xaminer, 29 April 1984, p. 18; Lloyd De Mause, Reagan's America (New York, 1984), 161. Notes to Pages 11-26 303 20. Lou Cannon,", "pages": [2, 2]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\"<em> New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White Racism: A Psychohistory (New York, 1970), 32; San Francisco E,xaminer, 29 April 1984, p. 18; Lloyd De Mause, Reagan's America (New York, 1984), 161. Notes to Pages 11-26 303 20. Lou Cannon, Reagan (New York, 1982), 49\u201450; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 65; WRM, 57, 65-67. 21. Tony Thomas, The Films of Ronald Reagan (Secaucus, N.J., 1980), 19, 96; Cannon, Reagan, 59\u201461, 306. Thomas's book is a complete Reagan filmography; I have screened all the movies I discuss in any detail and seen many others as well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, </em>\"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein", "quote_start_pos": 4851, "quote_exact": " New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White Racism: A Psychohistory (New York, 1970), 32; San Francisco E,xaminer, 29 April 1984, p. 18; Lloyd De Mause, Reagan's America (New York, 1984), 161. Notes to Pages 11-26 303 20. Lou Cannon, Reagan (New York, 1982), 49\u201450; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 65; WRM, 57, 65-67. 21. Tony Thomas, The Films of Ronald Reagan (Secaucus, N.J., 1980), 19, 96; Cannon, Reagan, 59\u201461, 306. Thomas's book is a complete Reagan filmog- raphy; I have screened all the movies I discuss in any detail and seen many others as well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; repub- lished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, ", "quoted_text": "New Left Review, no. 146 (July 1984): 58-69. 16. Cf. Richard Slotkin and James K. Folsom, eds., So Dreadful a Judgment: Puritan Responses to King Philip's War, 1676-1677 (Middletown, Conn., 1978). 17. Bill Boyarsky, The Rise of Ronald Reagan (New York, 1968), 260. 18. Ibid., 38; WRM, 8. 19. Joel Kovel, White Racism: A Psychohistory (New York, 1970), 32; San Francisco E,xaminer, 29 April 1984, p. 18; Lloyd De Mause, Reagan's America (New York, 1984), 161. Notes to Pages 11-26 303 20. Lou Cannon, Reagan (New York, 1982), 49\u201450; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 65; WRM, 57, 65-67. 21. Tony Thomas, The Films of Ronald Reagan (Secaucus, N.J., 1980), 19, 96; Cannon, Reagan, 59\u201461, 306. Thomas's book is a complete Reagan filmog- raphy; I have screened all the movies I discuss in any detail and seen many others as well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; repub- lished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2381, "quote_prefix": "6-10; Lary May, Screening out the Past (New York, 1980), 19697. 14. Dallek, Reagan, 6\u201410; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984); Lasch, Minimal Self; Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lcars, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983); Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942-1943 (New York, 1944), 537; Scheer, 260. 15. Cf. Frednc Jameson, \"Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein", "pages": [2, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "59\u201461, 306. Thomas's book is a complete Reagan filmography; I have screened all the movies I discuss in any detail and seen many others as well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"<em>A Political Journal,</em>\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies,", "quote_start_pos": 4872, "quote_exact": "A Political Journal,", "quoted_text": "A Political Journal,", "quote_start_page_pos": 723, "quote_prefix": "59\u201461, 306. Thomas's book is a complete Reagan filmography; I have screened all the movies I discuss in any detail and seen many others as well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies,", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "is a complete Reagan filmography; I have screened all the movies I discuss in any detail and seen many others as well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\"<em> The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, </em>\"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites,", "quote_start_pos": 4986, "quote_exact": " The New Yorker, 3 Decem- ber 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, ", "quoted_text": "The New Yorker, 3 Decem- ber 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes,", "quote_start_page_pos": 744, "quote_prefix": "is a complete Reagan filmography; I have screened all the movies I discuss in any detail and seen many others as well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites,", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"<em>The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,</em>\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, \"Black-arid-White", "quote_start_pos": 5053, "quote_exact": "The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Pre- mieres Between the Wars,", "quoted_text": "The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Pre- mieres Between the Wars,", "quote_start_page_pos": 858, "quote_prefix": "well. 22. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, \"Black-arid-White", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\"<em> American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, </em>\"Black-arid-White Thinking,\" 31, 54-56; Dallek, Reagan, 12-17, 53; WRM, 8,53-54. 41. I owe this analysis\u2014and the doodle\u2014to De Mause, Reagan's America, 38-41. 42. WRM, 16, 289-90, 303, 310; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 53-54. 43. Lawrence Learner, Make Believe: The Story of Nancy and Ronald Reagan (New York, 1983), 19, 142, 147; San Francisco Chronicle, 14 January 1981, p. 35. 44. WRM, 117-20; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 68-71. 45. WRM, 95. 46. WRM, 185-89; Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan,", "quote_start_pos": 5546, "quote_exact": " American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven En- glund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, ", "quoted_text": "American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven En- glund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad,", "quote_start_page_pos": 925, "quote_prefix": "(1902; republished, New York, 1958). 23. Joseph Zsuffa, Bela Baldzs: The Man and the Artist (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987), 787 (of MS). 24. WRM, 101-2. 25. Ibid., 49-50. 26. WRM, 49-50, 90-95. 27. New York Times, 1 8 May 1981, p. 12; San Francisco Examiner, 29 July 1984, p. C8; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" The New Yorker, 3 December 1984, pp. 156, 159. 28. Cannon, Reagan, 226. 29. Ibid., 228. 30. Cf. David Karnes, \"The Glamorous Crowd: Hollywood Movie Premieres Between the Wars,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Black-arid-White Thinking,\" 31, 54-56; Dallek, Reagan, 12-17, 53; WRM, 8,53-54. 41. I owe this analysis\u2014and the doodle\u2014to De Mause, Reagan's America, 38-41. 42. WRM, 16, 289-90, 303, 310; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 53-54. 43. Lawrence Learner, Make Believe: The Story of Nancy and Ronald Reagan (New York, 1983), 19, 142, 147; San Francisco Chronicle, 14 January 1981, p. 35. 44. WRM, 117-20; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 68-71. 45. WRM, 95. 46. WRM, 185-89; Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan,", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, \"<em>Black-arid-White Thinking,</em>\" 31, 54-56; Dallek, Reagan, 12-17, 53; WRM, 8,53-54. 41. I owe this analysis\u2014and the doodle\u2014to De Mause, Reagan's America, 38-41. 42. WRM, 16, 289-90, 303, 310; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 53-54. 43. Lawrence Learner, Make Believe: The Story of Nancy and Ronald Reagan (New York, 1983), 19, 142, 147; San Francisco Chronicle, 14 January 1981, p. 35. 44. WRM, 117-20; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 68-71. 45. WRM, 95. 46. WRM, 185-89; Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 145-48, 160-62, 170-72,", "quote_start_pos": 5573, "quote_exact": "Black-arid-White Thinking,", "quoted_text": "Black-arid-White Thinking,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1418, "quote_prefix": "Wars,\" American Quarterly, forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 31, 54-56; Dallek, Reagan, 12-17, 53; WRM, 8,53-54. 41. I owe this analysis\u2014and the doodle\u2014to De Mause, Reagan's America, 38-41. 42. WRM, 16, 289-90, 303, 310; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 53-54. 43. Lawrence Learner, Make Believe: The Story of Nancy and Ronald Reagan (New York, 1983), 19, 142, 147; San Francisco Chronicle, 14 January 1981, p. 35. 44. WRM, 117-20; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 68-71. 45. WRM, 95. 46. WRM, 185-89; Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 145-48, 160-62, 170-72,", "pages": [3, 3]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, \"Black-arid-White Thinking,\"<em> 31, 54-56; Dallek, Reagan, 12-17, 53; WRM, 8,53-54. 41. I owe this analysis\u2014and the doodle\u2014to De Mause, Reagan's America, 38-41. 42. WRM, 16, 289-90, 303, 310; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 53-54. 43. Lawrence Learner, Make Believe: The Story of Nancy and Ronald Reagan (New York, 1983), 19, 142, 147; San Francisco Chronicle, 14 January 1981, p. 35. 44. WRM, 117-20; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 68-71. 45. WRM, 95. 46. WRM, 185-89; Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 145-48, 160-62, 170-72, 193-97, 214-16. Reagan had wanted Todd's part in The Hasty Heart. Cf. Doug McLellan, Hollywood on Ronald Reagan (Winchester, Mass., 1983), 45. 47. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 149-81; WRM, 205. She's Working 304 Notes to Pages 26-30 Her Way Through College was based on the play The Male Animal, where the professor's ideas come under suspicion. Hollywood's replacement of politics by sex did no favor to Reagan. 48. Cannon, Reagan, 51; WRM, 192, 205, 212-13; Cannon, Reagan, 66. 49. Cannon, Reagan, 62, 87-89; WRM, 191-94, 213-14. 50. Learner, Make Believe, 152. Wyman had her revenge in Stage Fright (1950), made while Reagan was on crutches. Richard Todd, Reagan's co-star in The Hasty Heart, played Wyman's boyfriend in the Hitchcock movie. Todd has been portrayed as above suspicion throughout the movie, an illusion the audience shares with the heroine. When he is exposed and tries to kill Wyman, a steel stage curtain falls like a guillotine and cuts him in two. 51. Ibid., 147; Cannon, Reagan, 62; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 91; Ronnie Dugger, On Reagan (New York, 1983), 10. 52. WRM, 6-7. 53. Ibid., 6, 162. 54. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 148. 55. See Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980); Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition. 56. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 68, 94, 109, 116, 125-27, 160, 22938; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 81-88; Dugger, On Reagan, 5\u20148. 57. Navasky, Naming Names, 79; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,</em>\" in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan,", "quote_start_pos": 7627, "quote_exact": " 31, 54-56; Dallek, Reagan, 12-17, 53; WRM, 8,53-54. 41. I owe this analysis\u2014and the doodle\u2014to De Mause, Reagan's America, 38-41. 42. WRM, 16, 289-90, 303, 310; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 53-54. 43. Lawrence Learner, Make Believe: The Story of Nancy and Ronald Rea- gan (New York, 1983), 19, 142, 147; San Francisco Chronicle, 14 January 1981, p. 35. 44. WRM, 117-20; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 68-71. 45. WRM, 95. 46. WRM, 185-89; Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 145-48, 160-62, 170-72, 193-97, 214-16. Reagan had wanted Todd's part in The Hasty Heart. Cf. Doug McLellan, Hollywood on Ronald Reagan (Winchester, Mass., 1983), 45. 47. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 149-81; WRM, 205. She's Working 304 Notes to Pages 26-30 Her Way Through College was based on the play The Male Animal, where the professor's ideas come under suspicion. Hollywood's replacement of politics by sex did no favor to Reagan. 48. Cannon, Reagan, 51; WRM, 192, 205, 212-13; Cannon, Reagan, 66. 49. Cannon, Reagan, 62, 87-89; WRM, 191-94, 213-14. 50. Learner, Make Believe, 152. Wyman had her revenge in Stage Fright (1950), made while Reagan was on crutches. Richard Todd, Reagan's co-star in The Hasty Heart, played Wyman's boyfriend in the Hitchcock movie. Todd has been portrayed as above suspicion throughout the movie, an illusion the audi- ence shares with the heroine. When he is exposed and tries to kill Wyman, a steel stage curtain falls like a guillotine and cuts him in two. 51. Ibid., 147; Cannon, Reagan, 62; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 91; Ronnie Dugger, On Reagan (New York, 1983), 10. 52. WRM, 6-7. 53. Ibid., 6, 162. 54. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 148. 55. See Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980); Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition. 56. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 68, 94, 109, 116, 125-27, 160, 229- 38; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 81-88; Dugger, On Reagan, 5\u20148. 57. Navasky, Naming Names, 79; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,", "quoted_text": "31, 54-56; Dallek, Reagan, 12-17, 53; WRM, 8,53-54. 41. I owe this analysis\u2014and the doodle\u2014to De Mause, Reagan's America, 38-41. 42. WRM, 16, 289-90, 303, 310; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 53-54. 43. Lawrence Learner, Make Believe: The Story of Nancy and Ronald Rea- gan (New York, 1983), 19, 142, 147; San Francisco Chronicle, 14 January 1981, p. 35. 44. WRM, 117-20; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 68-71. 45. WRM, 95. 46. WRM, 185-89; Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 145-48, 160-62, 170-72, 193-97, 214-16. Reagan had wanted Todd's part in The Hasty Heart. Cf. Doug McLellan, Hollywood on Ronald Reagan (Winchester, Mass., 1983), 45. 47. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 149-81; WRM, 205. She's Working 304 Notes to Pages 26-30 Her Way Through College was based on the play The Male Animal, where the professor's ideas come under suspicion. Hollywood's replacement of politics by sex did no favor to Reagan. 48. Cannon, Reagan, 51; WRM, 192, 205, 212-13; Cannon, Reagan, 66. 49. Cannon, Reagan, 62, 87-89; WRM, 191-94, 213-14. 50. Learner, Make Believe, 152. Wyman had her revenge in Stage Fright (1950), made while Reagan was on crutches. Richard Todd, Reagan's co-star in The Hasty Heart, played Wyman's boyfriend in the Hitchcock movie. Todd has been portrayed as above suspicion throughout the movie, an illusion the audi- ence shares with the heroine. When he is exposed and tries to kill Wyman, a steel stage curtain falls like a guillotine and cuts him in two. 51. Ibid., 147; Cannon, Reagan, 62; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 91; Ronnie Dugger, On Reagan (New York, 1983), 10. 52. WRM, 6-7. 53. Ibid., 6, 162. 54. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 148. 55. See Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980); Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition. 56. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 68, 94, 109, 116, 125-27, 160, 229- 38; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 81-88; Dugger, On Reagan, 5\u20148. 57. Navasky, Naming Names, 79; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1445, "quote_prefix": "forthcoming, 18 (of MS). 31. WRM, 97-99. 32. Ibid., 3-5. 33. Ibid., 7-8, 52-54; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 27. 34. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 90; Larry Ceplair and Steven Englund, The Inquisition in Hollywood (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1979), 209. 35. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 101\u20142, 150\u201453. The novel is Harry Bellamann, King's Row (New York, 1940). 36. WRM, 6. 37. Wolfenstein and Leites, Movies, 140\u201445. 38. WRM, 4, 8, 10. 39. Ibid., 8. 40. Glad, \"Black-arid-White Thinking,\"", "quote_suffix": "\" in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan,", "pages": [3, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ronnie Dugger, On Reagan (New York, 1983), 10. 52. WRM, 6-7. 53. Ibid., 6, 162. 54. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 148. 55. See Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980); Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition. 56. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 68, 94, 109, 116, 125-27, 160, 22938; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 81-88; Dugger, On Reagan, 5\u20148. 57. Navasky, Naming Names, 79; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,\"<em> in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, </em>\"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from", "quote_start_pos": 7926, "quote_exact": " in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, ", "quoted_text": "in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1343, "quote_prefix": "Ronnie Dugger, On Reagan (New York, 1983), 10. 52. WRM, 6-7. 53. Ibid., 6, 162. 54. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 148. 55. See Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980); Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition. 56. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 68, 94, 109, 116, 125-27, 160, 22938; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 81-88; Dugger, On Reagan, 5\u20148. 57. Navasky, Naming Names, 79; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ronald Reagan, 81-88; Dugger, On Reagan, 5\u20148. 57. Navasky, Naming Names, 79; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,\" in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"<em>That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,</em>\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken", "quote_start_pos": 8024, "quote_exact": "That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,", "quoted_text": "That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1642, "quote_prefix": "Ronald Reagan, 81-88; Dugger, On Reagan, 5\u20148. 57. Navasky, Naming Names, 79; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,\" in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,\" in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\"<em> City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on </em>\"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Na-", "quote_start_pos": 8254, "quote_exact": " City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on ", "quoted_text": "City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on", "quote_start_page_pos": 1740, "quote_prefix": "Inquisition, 109, 116, 259, 279; Dorothy B. Jones, ''Communism and the Movies: A Study of Film Content,\" in John Cogley, ed., Report on Blacklisting, vol. 1, The Movies (1956; republished, New York, 1972), 196-304. 58. Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Na-", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"<em>one man,</em>\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation,", "quote_start_pos": 8263, "quote_exact": "one man,", "quoted_text": "one man,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1970, "quote_prefix": "Englund, Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation,", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\"<em> Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, </em>\"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes", "quote_start_pos": 8721, "quote_exact": " Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, ", "quoted_text": "Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1979, "quote_prefix": "Inquisition, 212\u201460. 59. David J. Saposs, Communism in Labor Unions (New York, 1959), 81; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 209; Dan E. Moldea and Jeff Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment: Ronald Reagan's Four Decades of Friendship with World Showbiz Colossus MCA,\" City Paper (Washington, D.C.), 5-11 October 1984, p. 10. 60. Dugger, On Reagan, 10-11. 61. Cannon, Reagan, 87. 62. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 April 1985, p. 23; San Francisco Examiner, 5 May 1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"<em>Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,</em>\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to", "quote_start_pos": 8760, "quote_exact": "Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Na- zis,", "quoted_text": "Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Na- zis,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2437, "quote_prefix": "1985, p. A8. By blaming genocide on \"one man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\"<em> Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, </em>\"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to inflate his own importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland", "quote_start_pos": 8962, "quote_exact": " Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2476, "quote_prefix": "man,\" Reagan absolves such participants as the SS officers buried at Bitburg. The president's communication director, Patrick Buchanan, has attacked the deportation from America of Nazis who had murdered Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to inflate his own importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"<em>The Progress of Klaus Barbie,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to inflate his own importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984,", "quote_start_pos": 8992, "quote_exact": "The Progress of Klaus Barbie,", "quoted_text": "The Progress of Klaus Barbie,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2678, "quote_prefix": "Jews. Buchanan's insistence that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to inflate his own importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984,", "pages": [4, 4]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, NamNotes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to inflate his own importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; </em>\"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball", "quote_start_pos": 9777, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, Nam- Notes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to inflate his own importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investiga- tion . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Can- non, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 27 June 1985, pp. 12-17. 64. WRM, 194-95; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75. 65. WRM, 174; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 75-76; Navasky, Nam- Notes to Pages 31-36 305 ing Names, 78\u2014195. Reagan quotes Hayden's testimony out of context to inflate his own importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investiga- tion . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Can- non, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441;", "quote_start_page_pos": 2708, "quote_prefix": "that one accused man had been mistaken for a collaborator who was already dead was based on his confusion of the death of a character in the novel Treblinka with the fate of that Nazi's real-life counterpart. Cf. Lucette Lagrada, \"Pat Buchanan and the 'Emigre' Nazis,\" Nation, 4 May 1985, pp. 525-26. 63. Cannon, Reagan, 13\u201414; Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 36\u201465, 241, 248; San Francisco Chronicle, 1 June 1984, p. 23; Dugger, On Reagan, 352; Francine du Plessix Cray, \"The Progress of Klaus Barbie,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball", "pages": [4, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"<em>Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,</em>\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to", "quote_start_pos": 9806, "quote_exact": "Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,", "quoted_text": "Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,", "quote_start_page_pos": 611, "quote_prefix": "importance. Cf. House Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\"<em> Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, </em>\"That's Entertainment,\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to see a single game and another who married a woman his parents had met but", "quote_start_pos": 9879, "quote_exact": " Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, ", "quoted_text": "Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 640, "quote_prefix": "Un-American Activities Committee, Investigation . . . , 82d Congress, 1st session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"That's Entertainment,\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to see a single game and another who married a woman his parents had met but", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"<em>That's Entertainment,</em>\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to see a single game and another who married a woman his parents had met but once (and who informed", "quote_start_pos": 9901, "quote_exact": "That's Entertainment,", "quoted_text": "That's Entertainment,", "quote_start_page_pos": 713, "quote_prefix": "session, 161\u201462. 66. WRM, 133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to see a single game and another who married a woman his parents had met but once (and who informed", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\"<em> 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to see a single game and another who married a woman his parents had met but once (and who informed them of the wedding only after it was over); and a grandchild whose grandfather did not see him for the first two years of his life. The split between what Ronald Reagan represents and who he is, I believe, reassures Americans who are also confronted with difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, </em>\"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan,", "quote_start_pos": 11062, "quote_exact": " 9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to see a single game and another who married a woman his parents had met but once (and who informed them of the wedding only after it was over); and a grandchild whose grandfather did not see him for the first two years of his life. The split between what Ronald Reagan represents and who he is, I believe, reassures Americans who are also confronted with difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signi- fier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, ", "quoted_text": "9,15. Although Reagan invokes traditional family values, the actual family of our first divorced president comprises divorces in three generations (Nancy Davis's parents, Reagan himself, and Maureen Reagan); one daughter who has been married three times and another who lived out of wedlock with a member of a rock group; one son who starred in high school football and baseball while his father failed to see a single game and another who married a woman his parents had met but once (and who informed them of the wedding only after it was over); and a grandchild whose grandfather did not see him for the first two years of his life. The split between what Ronald Reagan represents and who he is, I believe, reassures Americans who are also confronted with difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signi- fier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman,", "quote_start_page_pos": 735, "quote_prefix": "133, 141; Dugger, On Reagan, 4. 67. Dugger, On Reagan, 435; Oakland Tribune, 11 July 1984, p. 12; Cannon, Reagan, 377-78. 68. Scheer, With Enough Shovels, 42; Cannon, Reagan, 368; Navasky, Naming Names, 89\u201490; Ceplair and Englund, Inquisition, 359. Reagan's role as an informant for the FBI is detailed in the San Jose Mercury News, 25 August 1985, p. 25A. 69. WRM,235\u201441; \"Nancy ReaganTells Her Story,\" Saw Frawczsco Chronicle, 17 November 1980, p. 24; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan,", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ronald Reagan represents and who he is, I believe, reassures Americans who are also confronted with difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"<em>That Reagan Boy,</em>\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8.", "quote_start_pos": 11079, "quote_exact": "That Reagan Boy,", "quoted_text": "That Reagan Boy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1896, "quote_prefix": "Ronald Reagan represents and who he is, I believe, reassures Americans who are also confronted with difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8.", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "represents and who he is, I believe, reassures Americans who are also confronted with difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\"<em> Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, </em>\"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and", "quote_start_pos": 11169, "quote_exact": " Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, ", "quoted_text": "Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1913, "quote_prefix": "represents and who he is, I believe, reassures Americans who are also confronted with difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"<em>That's Entertainment,</em>\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers.", "quote_start_pos": 11191, "quote_exact": "That's Entertainment,", "quoted_text": "That's Entertainment,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2003, "quote_prefix": "difficulties in living out traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers.", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\"<em> 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, </em>\"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of", "quote_start_pos": 11266, "quote_exact": " 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, ", "quoted_text": "1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2025, "quote_prefix": "traditional familial values but who preserve them in the realm of the signifier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "fier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"<em>Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,</em>\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935);", "quote_start_pos": 11296, "quote_exact": "Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,", "quoted_text": "Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2100, "quote_prefix": "fier. Reagan's rhetorical appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935);", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\"<em> New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, </em>\"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 11352, "quote_exact": " New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, ", "quoted_text": "New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2130, "quote_prefix": "appeals to the traditional family coexist with actual family ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York,", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"<em>What He'd Be Like as President,</em>\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's", "quote_start_pos": 11384, "quote_exact": "What He'd Be Like as President,", "quoted_text": "What He'd Be Like as President,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2186, "quote_prefix": "ties radically constricted in time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\"<em> Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, </em>\"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June", "quote_start_pos": 11461, "quote_exact": " Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, ", "quoted_text": "Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2218, "quote_prefix": "time and space to the current conjugal pair. Cf. Lawrence I. Barrett, Gambling with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"<em>Reagan's Liberal Past,</em>\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September", "quote_start_pos": 11484, "quote_exact": "Reagan's Liberal Past,", "quoted_text": "Reagan's Liberal Past,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2295, "quote_prefix": "with History (New York, 1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\"<em> 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, </em>\"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross,", "quote_start_pos": 11878, "quote_exact": " 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchten- berg, ", "quoted_text": "25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchten- berg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2318, "quote_prefix": "1984), 469-87. 70. WRM, 138-39, 301; Dugger, On Reagan, 11-12; J. Hoberman, \"That Reagan Boy,\" Village Voice, 10-16 September 1980, p. 44; Cannon, Reagan, 90-94; Moldea and Goldberg, \"That's Entertainment,\" 1, 6-15. 71. Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 104; William Leuchtenberg, \"Ronald Reagan's Liberal Past,\" New Republic, 23 May 1983, pp. 18-25; Donald D. Hoff, \"What He'd Be Like as President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross,", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"<em>Reagan's Liberal Past,</em>\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\"", "quote_start_pos": 11901, "quote_exact": "Reagan's Liberal Past,", "quoted_text": "Reagan's Liberal Past,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2712, "quote_prefix": "President,\" Fortune, 19 May 1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\"", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\"<em> 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, </em>\"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981,", "quote_start_pos": 12382, "quote_exact": " 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Fran- cisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; News- week, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, ", "quoted_text": "21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Fran- cisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; News- week, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2735, "quote_prefix": "1980, p. 77. 72. Cannon, Reagan, 31-32, 416; Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 25; San Francisco Chronicle, 24 March 1982, p. 1; Boyarsky, Rise of Ronald Reagan, 263; WRM, 8. 73. I am unable to recover the date of this incident. It was observed on television and commented on in newspapers. 74. De Mause, Reagan's America, 67. 75. Thurman Arnold, The Symbols of Government (New York, 1935); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Leuchtenberg, \"Reagan's Liberal Past,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981,", "pages": [5, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"<em>Failure of Nerve,</em>\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause,", "quote_start_pos": 12400, "quote_exact": "Failure of Nerve,", "quoted_text": "Failure of Nerve,", "quote_start_page_pos": 78, "quote_prefix": "\"Reagan's Liberal Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause,", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\"<em> Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, </em>\"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry", "quote_start_pos": 12485, "quote_exact": " Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf,", "quote_start_page_pos": 96, "quote_prefix": "Past,\" 21. 76. San Francisco Chronicle, 26 March 1981, p. 10; 18 June 1981, p. 2.4; 25 September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"<em>The High Road to Power,</em>\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker,", "quote_start_pos": 12509, "quote_exact": "The High Road to Power,", "quoted_text": "The High Road to Power,", "quote_start_page_pos": 181, "quote_prefix": "September 1981, p. 24; 14 February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker,", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\"<em> San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, </em>\"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer,", "quote_start_pos": 12551, "quote_exact": " San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, ", "quoted_text": "San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981,", "quote_start_page_pos": 205, "quote_prefix": "February 1982, p. 12; 10 September 1982, p. 11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer,", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"<em>This World,</em>\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March", "quote_start_pos": 12563, "quote_exact": "This World,", "quoted_text": "This World,", "quote_start_page_pos": 247, "quote_prefix": "11; De Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\"<em> pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, </em>\"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55.", "quote_start_pos": 12595, "quote_exact": " pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, ", "quoted_text": "pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 259, "quote_prefix": "Mause, Reagan's America, 6-7, 119; William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55.", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"<em>A Belief in Armageddon?</em>\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of", "quote_start_pos": 12621, "quote_exact": "A Belief in Arma- geddon?", "quoted_text": "A Belief in Arma- geddon?", "quote_start_page_pos": 291, "quote_prefix": "William Greider, The Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\"<em> Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, </em>\"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in", "quote_start_pos": 12734, "quote_exact": " Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, ", "quoted_text": "Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew,", "quote_start_page_pos": 317, "quote_prefix": "Education of David Stockman and Other Americans (New York, 1982), 151; San Francisco Chronicle, 7 July 1985, p. 8; New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"<em>A Political Journal,</em>\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy", "quote_start_pos": 12755, "quote_exact": "A Political Journal,", "quoted_text": "A Political Journal,", "quote_start_page_pos": 430, "quote_prefix": "New 'York Times, 3 May 1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\"<em> 130\u201431; </em>\"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller,", "quote_start_pos": 12765, "quote_exact": " 130\u201431; ", "quoted_text": "130\u201431;", "quote_start_page_pos": 451, "quote_prefix": "1985, p. 9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller,", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"<em>Reagan and the Apocalypse,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\"", "quote_start_pos": 12792, "quote_exact": "Reagan and the Apocalypse,", "quoted_text": "Reagan and the Apocalypse,", "quote_start_page_pos": 461, "quote_prefix": "9; Newsweek, 26 November 1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\"", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, </em>\"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan,", "quote_start_pos": 12949, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald,", "quote_start_page_pos": 488, "quote_prefix": "1984, p. 40. 306 Notes to Pages 36-46 77. De Mause, Reagan's America, 119; Bertram Gross, \"Failure of Nerve,\" Nation, 23 May 1981, p. 620; Wall Street Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan,", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"<em>A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),</em>\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when", "quote_start_pos": 12999, "quote_exact": "A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),", "quoted_text": "A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),", "quote_start_page_pos": 645, "quote_prefix": "Journal, 29 May 1981, p. 1. 78. Ron Wulf, \"The High Road to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\"<em> The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, </em>\"I Hope You're All Republicans!\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion", "quote_start_pos": 13271, "quote_exact": " The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 260- 62. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, ", "quoted_text": "The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 260- 62. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller,", "quote_start_page_pos": 695, "quote_prefix": "to Power,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 29 March 1981, \"This World,\" pp. 8-12; Lionel Van Deerlin, \"A Belief in Armageddon?\" Washington Times, 22 August 1985, p. 3B. 79. San Francisco Chronicle, 19 December 1983, p. 16; Elizabeth Drew, \"A Political Journal,\" 130\u201431; \"Reagan and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\"", "quote_suffix": "\"I Hope You're All Republicans!\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"<em>I Hope You're All Republicans!</em>\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie.", "quote_start_pos": 13302, "quote_exact": "I Hope You're All Republicans!", "quoted_text": "I Hope You're All Republicans!", "quote_start_page_pos": 967, "quote_prefix": "and the Apocalypse,\" New York Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie.", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\"<em> Controversial Quotations from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, </em>\"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk", "quote_start_pos": 13990, "quote_exact": " Controversial Quota- tions from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, ", "quoted_text": "Controversial Quota- tions from Ronald W. Reagan (Berkeley, Cal., 1981), 48; Barrett, Gambling with History, 212. 84. WRM, 247. 85. Cannon, Reagan, 70. 86. The Challenger tragedy echoes Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 998, "quote_prefix": "Review of Books, 19 January 1984, p. 26; San Francisco Chronicle, 17 October 1981, p. 7; De Mause, Reagan's America, 152. 80. Frances Fitzgerald, \"A Reporter at Large (The Reverend Jerry Falwell),\" The New Yorker, 18 May 1981, pp. 129-32; London Observer, 3 March 1985, p. 1. 81. WRM, 126, 254-55. 82. Thomas, Films of Ronald Reagan, 182-89, 198-213; above, pp. 26062. 83. Ronald Reagan, The Official Reagan Book, 46, as cited in Alan S. Miller and Wendy L. Miller, \"I Hope You're All Republicans!\"", "quote_suffix": "\"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"<em>who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,</em>\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November", "quote_start_pos": 14072, "quote_exact": "who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,", "quoted_text": "who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1686, "quote_prefix": "Hellcats when one considers the public relations function of the mission, Reagan's plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\"<em> to the </em>\"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985,", "quote_start_pos": 14081, "quote_exact": " to the ", "quoted_text": "to the", "quote_start_page_pos": 1768, "quote_prefix": "plan to speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985,", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"<em>guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind</em>\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams,", "quote_start_pos": 14193, "quote_exact": "guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind", "quoted_text": "guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind", "quote_start_page_pos": 1777, "quote_prefix": "speak to the astronauts from space during his State of the Union address, and possible White House pressure not to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams,", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\"<em> (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. </em>\"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams, In the American Grain (1925; republished, New York, 1956), 39; Karl Marx, Capital, 3 Vols. (Chicago, 1906-9), 1:823; Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers", "quote_start_pos": 14486, "quote_exact": " (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presi- dency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. ", "quoted_text": "(see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presi- dency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1889, "quote_prefix": "to delay the launch. Now, however, the commander-in-chief is above the suspicion that he answered in the movie. Reagan perfectly fits the definition of chief of state offered by Harry McPherson, special assistant to President Lyndon Johnson. McPherson compared a chief of government like Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Talk of the Town,\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams, In the American Grain (1925; republished, New York, 1956), 39; Karl Marx, Capital, 3 Vols. (Chicago, 1906-9), 1:823; Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"<em>Talk of the Town,</em>\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams, In the American Grain (1925; republished, New York, 1956), 39; Karl Marx, Capital, 3 Vols. (Chicago, 1906-9), 1:823; Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children:", "quote_start_pos": 14504, "quote_exact": "Talk of the Town,", "quoted_text": "Talk of the Town,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2182, "quote_prefix": "Johnson, \"who loves to go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams, In the American Grain (1925; republished, New York, 1956), 39; Karl Marx, Capital, 3 Vols. (Chicago, 1906-9), 1:823; Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children:", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\"<em> The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams, In the American Grain (1925; republished, New York, 1956), 39; Karl Marx, Capital, 3 Vols. (Chicago, 1906-9), 1:823; Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and Notes to Pages 46-53 307 the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 3\u201411,113-25; Robert F. Berkhofer, The White Man's Indian: Images of the American Indian from Columbus to the Present (New York, 1978); Elemira Zolla, The Writer and the Shaman (New York, 1973); Gary B. Nash, </em>\"The Image of the Indian in the Southern Colonial Mind,\" William and Mary Quarterly 24 (1972): 201-3. 3. George M. Fredrickson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 35; Virgil Vogel, ed., This Country Was Ours: A Documentary History of the American Indian (New York, 1972), 75-76. 4. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 165\u2014247; and chapter 5. 5. Vogel, This Country, 193-94; William T. Hagan, American Indians (Chicago, 1961), 141-50; San Francisco Chronicle, 20 January 1983, p. 24. 6. Alan Trachtenberg, The", "quote_start_pos": 15317, "quote_exact": " The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams, In the American Grain (1925; republished, New York, 1956), 39; Karl Marx, Capital, 3 Vols. (Chicago, 1906-9), 1:823; Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and Notes to Pages 46-53 307 the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 3\u201411,113-25; Rob- ert F. Berkhofer, The White Man's Indian: Images of the American Indian from Columbus to the Present (New York, 1978); Elemira Zolla, The Writer and the Shaman (New York, 1973); Gary B. Nash, ", "quoted_text": "The New Yorker, 18 November 1985, pp. 39-40; New York Times, 14 November 1985, p. A15; 27 November 1985, p. B8. CHAPTER II. POLITICAL REPRESSION IN THE UNITED STATES 1. William Carlos Williams, In the American Grain (1925; republished, New York, 1956), 39; Karl Marx, Capital, 3 Vols. (Chicago, 1906-9), 1:823; Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and Notes to Pages 46-53 307 the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 3\u201411,113-25; Rob- ert F. Berkhofer, The White Man's Indian: Images of the American Indian from Columbus to the Present (New York, 1978); Elemira Zolla, The Writer and the Shaman (New York, 1973); Gary B. Nash,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2200, "quote_prefix": "go down in the engine room . . . and bang around and work on things,\" to the \"guys up on the bridge of the ship who saw the big picture and sailed ahead with their capes flowing in the wind\" (see Fig. 1.16). Cf. Samuel Kernell and Samuel Popkin, eds., Chief of Staff: Twenty-five Years of Managing the Presidency (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 87. WRM, 290; Life, January 1985, pp. 10-11. 88. San Francisco Chronicle, 23 November 1985, pp. 1, 9; cf. 30 October 1981, p. 6. 89. \"Talk of the Town,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Image of the Indian in the Southern Colonial Mind,\" William and Mary Quarterly 24 (1972): 201-3. 3. George M. Fredrickson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 35; Virgil Vogel, ed., This Country Was Ours: A Documentary History of the American Indian (New York, 1972), 75-76. 4. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 165\u2014247; and chapter 5. 5. Vogel, This Country, 193-94; William T. Hagan, American Indians (Chicago, 1961), 141-50; San Francisco Chronicle, 20 January 1983, p. 24. 6. Alan Trachtenberg, The", "pages": [6, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and Notes to Pages 46-53 307 the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 3\u201411,113-25; Robert F. Berkhofer, The White Man's Indian: Images of the American Indian from Columbus to the Present (New York, 1978); Elemira Zolla, The Writer and the Shaman (New York, 1973); Gary B. Nash, \"<em>The Image of the Indian in the Southern Colonial Mind,</em>\" William and Mary Quarterly 24 (1972): 201-3. 3. George M. Fredrickson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 35; Virgil Vogel, ed., This Country Was Ours: A Documentary History of the American Indian (New York, 1972), 75-76. 4. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 165\u2014247; and chapter 5. 5. Vogel, This Country, 193-94; William T. Hagan, American Indians (Chicago, 1961), 141-50; San Francisco Chronicle, 20 January 1983, p. 24. 6. Alan Trachtenberg, The Incorporation of America (New York, 1982), 29. 7. Terry", "quote_start_pos": 15372, "quote_exact": "The Image of the Indian in the Southern Colonial Mind,", "quoted_text": "The Image of the Indian in the Southern Colonial Mind,", "quote_start_page_pos": 293, "quote_prefix": "Immanuel Wallerstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and Notes to Pages 46-53 307 the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 3\u201411,113-25; Robert F. Berkhofer, The White Man's Indian: Images of the American Indian from Columbus to the Present (New York, 1978); Elemira Zolla, The Writer and the Shaman (New York, 1973); Gary B. Nash, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" William and Mary Quarterly 24 (1972): 201-3. 3. George M. Fredrickson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 35; Virgil Vogel, ed., This Country Was Ours: A Documentary History of the American Indian (New York, 1972), 75-76. 4. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 165\u2014247; and chapter 5. 5. Vogel, This Country, 193-94; William T. Hagan, American Indians (Chicago, 1961), 141-50; San Francisco Chronicle, 20 January 1983, p. 24. 6. Alan Trachtenberg, The Incorporation of America (New York, 1982), 29. 7. Terry", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and Notes to Pages 46-53 307 the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 3\u201411,113-25; Robert F. Berkhofer, The White Man's Indian: Images of the American Indian from Columbus to the Present (New York, 1978); Elemira Zolla, The Writer and the Shaman (New York, 1973); Gary B. Nash, \"The Image of the Indian in the Southern Colonial Mind,\"<em> William and Mary Quarterly 24 (1972): 201-3. 3. George M. Fredrickson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 35; Virgil Vogel, ed., This Country Was Ours: A Documentary History of the American Indian (New York, 1972), 75-76. 4. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 165\u2014247; and chapter 5. 5. Vogel, This Country, 193-94; William T. Hagan, American Indians (Chicago, 1961), 141-50; San Francisco Chronicle, 20 January 1983, p. 24. 6. Alan Trachtenberg, The Incorporation of America (New York, 1982), 29. 7. Terry P. Wilson, The Underground Reservation: Osage Oil (Lincoln, Neb., 1985), 82. 8. The quotes but not the interpretation of them come from Herman J. Viola, Thomas L. McKenney, Architect of America's Early Indian Policy, 1816\u2014 1830 (Chicago, 1974), 37, 176; Berkhofer, White Man's Indian, 8, 173. 9. Cf. Richard Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps: Dillon S. Myer and American Racism (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1986). 10. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, </em>\"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children,", "quote_start_pos": 16576, "quote_exact": " William and Mary Quarterly 24 (1972): 201-3. 3. George M. Fredrickson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 35; Virgil Vogel, ed., This Country Was Ours: A Documentary History of the American Indian (New York, 1972), 75-76. 4. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 165\u2014247; and chapter 5. 5. Vogel, This Country, 193-94; William T. Hagan, American Indians (Chicago, 1961), 141-50; San Francisco Chronicle, 20 January 1983, p. 24. 6. Alan Trachtenberg, The Incorporation of America (New York, 1982), 29. 7. Terry P. Wilson, The Underground Reservation: Osage Oil (Lincoln, Neb., 1985), 82. 8. The quotes but not the interpretation of them come from Herman J. Vi- ola, Thomas L. McKenney, Architect of America's Early Indian Policy, 1816\u2014 1830 (Chicago, 1974), 37, 176; Berkhofer, White Man's Indian, 8, 173. 9. Cf. Richard Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps: Dillon S. Myer and American Racism (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1986). 10. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, ", "quoted_text": "William and Mary Quarterly 24 (1972): 201-3. 3. George M. Fredrickson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 35; Virgil Vogel, ed., This Country Was Ours: A Documentary History of the American Indian (New York, 1972), 75-76. 4. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 165\u2014247; and chapter 5. 5. Vogel, This Country, 193-94; William T. Hagan, American Indians (Chicago, 1961), 141-50; San Francisco Chronicle, 20 January 1983, p. 24. 6. Alan Trachtenberg, The Incorporation of America (New York, 1982), 29. 7. Terry P. Wilson, The Underground Reservation: Osage Oil (Lincoln, Neb., 1985), 82. 8. The quotes but not the interpretation of them come from Herman J. Vi- ola, Thomas L. McKenney, Architect of America's Early Indian Policy, 1816\u2014 1830 (Chicago, 1974), 37, 176; Berkhofer, White Man's Indian, 8, 173. 9. Cf. Richard Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps: Dillon S. Myer and American Racism (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1986). 10. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan,", "quote_start_page_pos": 348, "quote_prefix": "1974). 2. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and Notes to Pages 46-53 307 the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 3\u201411,113-25; Robert F. Berkhofer, The White Man's Indian: Images of the American Indian from Columbus to the Present (New York, 1978); Elemira Zolla, The Writer and the Shaman (New York, 1973); Gary B. Nash, \"The Image of the Indian in the Southern Colonial Mind,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children,", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Indian Policy, 1816\u2014 1830 (Chicago, 1974), 37, 176; Berkhofer, White Man's Indian, 8, 173. 9. Cf. Richard Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps: Dillon S. Myer and American Racism (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1986). 10. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"<em>El Salvador: The Forgotten War,</em>\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy:", "quote_start_pos": 16608, "quote_exact": "El Salvador: The Forgotten War,", "quoted_text": "El Salvador: The Forgotten War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1552, "quote_prefix": "Indian Policy, 1816\u2014 1830 (Chicago, 1974), 37, 176; Berkhofer, White Man's Indian, 8, 173. 9. Cf. Richard Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps: Dillon S. Myer and American Racism (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1986). 10. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy:", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Chicago, 1974), 37, 176; Berkhofer, White Man's Indian, 8, 173. 9. Cf. Richard Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps: Dillon S. Myer and American Racism (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1986). 10. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\"<em> Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, </em>\"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 126-27. 15. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 94\u2014135. 16. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds.,", "quote_start_pos": 16797, "quote_exact": " Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, ", "quoted_text": "Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1584, "quote_prefix": "(Chicago, 1974), 37, 176; Berkhofer, White Man's Indian, 8, 173. 9. Cf. Richard Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps: Dillon S. Myer and American Racism (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1986). 10. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 126-27. 15. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 94\u2014135. 16. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds.,", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"<em>The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,</em>\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 126-27. 15. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 94\u2014135. 16. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson", "quote_start_pos": 16843, "quote_exact": "The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,", "quoted_text": "The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1773, "quote_prefix": "Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 126-27. 15. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 94\u2014135. 16. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\"<em> William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 126-27. 15. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 94\u2014135. 16. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 262; Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 104; Wmthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1968), 429-81; Eric J. Sundquist, Faulkner: The House Divided (Baltimore, 1983), 111. 17. Cf. Clement Eaton, The Freedom-of-Thought Struggle in the Old South (New York, 1964). On southern planter paternalism, compare Eugene D. Genovcse, The World the Slaveholders Made (New York, 1969) and Roll, Jordan, Roll (New York, 1974), to James Oakes, The Ruling Race (New York, 1982). 18. Morgan, American Slavery. 19. Oakes, Ruling Race, 141; Pierre van den Bergh, Race and Racism: A Comparative Perspective (New York, 1967), 88; George M. Fredrickson, The 308 Notes to Pages 53-58 Black Image in the White Mind (New York, 1971), 58-70; Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 150\u201462. 20. Eaton, Freedom-of-Thought, 126-43, passim. 21. Leonard L. Richards, Gentlemen of Property and Standing (New York, 1970). 22. Cf. Lawrence Goodwyn, Democratic Promise: The Populist Movement in America (New York, 1976); V. O. Key, Southern Politics (New York, 1948). 23. Richard Hofstadter, Social Darwinism in American Thought, 2d ed. (Boston, 1955), 170-200; Thomas F. Gossett, Race: The History of an Idea in America (Dallas, 1963); Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 234-82. 24. Ronald T. Takaki, Iron Cages: Race and Culture in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1979), 14\u201415, passim; Alexander Saxton, The Indispensable Enemy (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1971); Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 267; Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, </em>\"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86.", "quote_start_pos": 19242, "quote_exact": " William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 126-27. 15. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 94\u2014135. 16. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 262; Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 104; Wmthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1968), 429-81; Eric J. Sundquist, Faulkner: The House Divided (Baltimore, 1983), 111. 17. Cf. Clement Eaton, The Freedom-of-Thought Struggle in the Old South (New York, 1964). On southern planter paternalism, compare Eugene D. Gen- ovcse, The World the Slaveholders Made (New York, 1969) and Roll, Jordan, Roll (New York, 1974), to James Oakes, The Ruling Race (New York, 1982). 18. Morgan, American Slavery. 19. Oakes, Ruling Race, 141; Pierre van den Bergh, Race and Racism: A Comparative Perspective (New York, 1967), 88; George M. Fredrickson, The 308 Notes to Pages 53-58 Black Image in the White Mind (New York, 1971), 58-70; Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 150\u201462. 20. Eaton, Freedom-of-Thought, 126-43, passim. 21. Leonard L. Richards, Gentlemen of Property and Standing (New York, 1970). 22. Cf. Lawrence Goodwyn, Democratic Promise: The Populist Movement in America (New York, 1976); V. O. Key, Southern Politics (New York, 1948). 23. Richard Hofstadter, Social Darwinism in American Thought, 2d ed. (Boston, 1955), 170-200; Thomas F. Gossett, Race: The History of an Idea in America (Dallas, 1963); Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 234-82. 24. Ronald T. Takaki, Iron Cages: Race and Culture in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1979), 14\u201415, passim; Alexander Saxton, The Indispens- able Enemy (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1971); Robert Justin Goldstein, Politi- cal Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 267; Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, ", "quoted_text": "William and Mary Quarterly 34 (1977): 183-214. 13. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 54\u201493; Edmund P. Morgan, American Slavery, American Freedom (New York, 1975); Peter Wood, Black Majority (New York, 1974). 14. Rogin, Fathers and Children, 7, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 126-27. 15. Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 94\u2014135. 16. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 262; Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 104; Wmthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1968), 429-81; Eric J. Sundquist, Faulkner: The House Divided (Baltimore, 1983), 111. 17. Cf. Clement Eaton, The Freedom-of-Thought Struggle in the Old South (New York, 1964). On southern planter paternalism, compare Eugene D. Gen- ovcse, The World the Slaveholders Made (New York, 1969) and Roll, Jordan, Roll (New York, 1974), to James Oakes, The Ruling Race (New York, 1982). 18. Morgan, American Slavery. 19. Oakes, Ruling Race, 141; Pierre van den Bergh, Race and Racism: A Comparative Perspective (New York, 1967), 88; George M. Fredrickson, The 308 Notes to Pages 53-58 Black Image in the White Mind (New York, 1971), 58-70; Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 150\u201462. 20. Eaton, Freedom-of-Thought, 126-43, passim. 21. Leonard L. Richards, Gentlemen of Property and Standing (New York, 1970). 22. Cf. Lawrence Goodwyn, Democratic Promise: The Populist Movement in America (New York, 1976); V. O. Key, Southern Politics (New York, 1948). 23. Richard Hofstadter, Social Darwinism in American Thought, 2d ed. (Boston, 1955), 170-200; Thomas F. Gossett, Race: The History of an Idea in America (Dallas, 1963); Fredrickson, White Supremacy, 234-82. 24. Ronald T. Takaki, Iron Cages: Race and Culture in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1979), 14\u201415, passim; Alexander Saxton, The Indispens- able Enemy (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1971); Robert Justin Goldstein, Politi- cal Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 267; Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1819, "quote_prefix": "Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973). 11. Richard Drinnon, Pacing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 307-467; Eleanor Fuchs and Joyce Antler, year One of the Empire (Boston, 1973); Thomas Shcehan, \"El Salvador: The Forgotten War,\" Threepenny Review, no. 22 (Summer 1985): 3\u20144; New York Times, 2 March 1985, p. 8. 12. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965). Cf. Michael Zuckerman, \"The Fabrication of Identity in Early America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86.", "pages": [7, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Saxton, The Indispensable Enemy (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1971); Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 267; Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"<em>Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,</em>\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against", "quote_start_pos": 19350, "quote_exact": "Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analy- sis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,", "quoted_text": "Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analy- sis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1224, "quote_prefix": "Saxton, The Indispensable Enemy (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1971); Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 267; Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 267; Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\"<em> Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, </em>\"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy,", "quote_start_pos": 19418, "quote_exact": " Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, ", "quoted_text": "Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1332, "quote_prefix": "Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 267; Drinnon, Keeper of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy,", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"<em>Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,</em>\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab,", "quote_start_pos": 19482, "quote_exact": "Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,", "quoted_text": "Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1400, "quote_prefix": "of Concentration Camps. 25. The analysis in this and the following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab,", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\"<em> American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America (New York, 1971), 36; Ray Allen Billington, The Protestant Crusade, 1800-1860 (New York, 1938); Richard Ellis, </em>\"Catholicism, Communism, and the Protestant Mind\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1983). Lipset and Raab (p. 95) call anti-Catholicism the anti-Semitism of the nineteenth century. Without minimizing anti-Semitism in American history and its consequences for Jews, anti-Catholicism played a far more central role in American politics as a whole than anti-Semitism. Following Ellis, I would suggest that anti-Catholicism (along with racialist phobias) was the antiCommunism", "quote_start_pos": 20155, "quote_exact": " American Quarterly 15 (Sum- mer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America (New York, 1971), 36; Ray Allen Billington, The Protestant Crusade, 1800-1860 (New York, 1938); Richard Ellis, ", "quoted_text": "American Quarterly 15 (Sum- mer 1963): 110, 125, and The Fear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971), 1-148; Rogin, Fathers and Children, 284\u201492, and Subversive Genealogy, 18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America (New York, 1971), 36; Ray Allen Billington, The Protestant Crusade, 1800-1860 (New York, 1938); Richard Ellis,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1464, "quote_prefix": "following paragraphs is drawn mainly from Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression (Cambridge, Mass., 1960). 26. In addition to Levy, Legacy of Suppression, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Idea of a Party System (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969). 27. Cf. David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countcrsubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti-Mormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205-24, \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Catholicism, Communism, and the Protestant Mind\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1983). Lipset and Raab (p. 95) call anti-Catholicism the anti-Semitism of the nineteenth century. Without minimizing anti-Semitism in American history and its consequences for Jews, anti-Catholicism played a far more central role in American politics as a whole than anti-Semitism. Following Ellis, I would suggest that anti-Catholicism (along with racialist phobias) was the antiCommunism", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America (New York, 1971), 36; Ray Allen Billington, The Protestant Crusade, 1800-1860 (New York, 1938); Richard Ellis, \"<em>Catholicism, Communism, and the Protestant Mind</em>\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1983). Lipset and Raab (p. 95) call anti-Catholicism the anti-Semitism of the nineteenth century. Without minimizing anti-Semitism in American history and its consequences for Jews, anti-Catholicism played a far more central role in American politics as a whole than anti-Semitism. Following Ellis, I would suggest that anti-Catholicism (along with racialist phobias) was the antiCommunism of the nineteenth century. On anti-Semitism,", "quote_start_pos": 20205, "quote_exact": "Catholicism, Communism, and the Protes- tant Mind", "quoted_text": "Catholicism, Communism, and the Protes- tant Mind", "quote_start_page_pos": 2137, "quote_prefix": "18\u201419,120\u2014 51; Richard O. Curry and Thomas M. Brown, eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America (New York, 1971), 36; Ray Allen Billington, The Protestant Crusade, 1800-1860 (New York, 1938); Richard Ellis, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1983). Lipset and Raab (p. 95) call anti-Catholicism the anti-Semitism of the nineteenth century. Without minimizing anti-Semitism in American history and its consequences for Jews, anti-Catholicism played a far more central role in American politics as a whole than anti-Semitism. Following Ellis, I would suggest that anti-Catholicism (along with racialist phobias) was the antiCommunism of the nineteenth century. On anti-Semitism,", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America (New York, 1971), 36; Ray Allen Billington, The Protestant Crusade, 1800-1860 (New York, 1938); Richard Ellis, \"Catholicism, Communism, and the Protestant Mind\"<em> (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1983). Lipset and Raab (p. 95) call anti-Catholicism the anti-Semitism of the nineteenth century. Without minimizing anti-Semitism in American history and its consequences for Jews, anti-Catholicism played a far more central role in American politics as a whole than anti-Semitism. Following Ellis, I would suggest that anti-Catholicism (along with racialist phobias) was the antiCommunism of the nineteenth century. On anti-Semitism, cf. Lipset and Raab, 135-41, 160-71, 180-84, 351-54, and David Wise, The Abandonment of the Jews (New York, 1984). The relative importance of race and religion in structuring antebellum politics is a complex and much-debated question. It is worth stressing, however, that efforts to organize the antebellum political system around nonracial targets, from the Anti-Mason Party at the beginning of the Jacksonian period to the Notes to Pages 58-63 309 American party at its end, lost out to a racially based system\u2014first in westward expansion and Indian removal, then in sectional conflict and Civil War. 29. Cf. Ernest Tuvcson, Redeemer Nation (Chicago, 1968); Davis, </em>\"Themes of Countcrsubversion\"; David Brion Davis, The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1 969); Karen Halttunen, Confidence Men and Painted Women (New Haven, 1982); Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 236\u2014 56. 30. Billington, Protestant Crusade, 68-74. 31. Cf. Paul Johnson, A Shopkeeper's Millennium (New York, 1978). 32. Takaki, Iron Cages, 16\u201435; John K. Alexander, Render Them Submissive (Amherst, Mass., 1980), 6, 32. 33. Eleanor Flcxner, Century of Struggle, 2d ed. (Cambridge,", "quote_start_pos": 21377, "quote_exact": " (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1983). Lipset and Raab (p. 95) call anti-Catholicism the anti-Semitism of the nineteenth century. Without minimizing anti-Semitism in American history and its consequences for Jews, anti-Catholicism played a far more central role in American politics as a whole than anti-Semitism. Following Ellis, I would suggest that anti-Catholicism (along with racialist phobias) was the anti- Communism of the nineteenth century. On anti-Semitism, cf. Lipset and Raab, 135-41, 160-71, 180-84, 351-54, and David Wise, The Abandonment of the Jews (New York, 1984). The relative importance of race and religion in structuring antebellum poli- tics is a complex and much-debated question. It is worth stressing, however, that efforts to organize the antebellum political system around nonracial targets, from the Anti-Mason Party at the beginning of the Jacksonian period to the Notes to Pages 58-63 309 American party at its end, lost out to a racially based system\u2014first in westward expansion and Indian removal, then in sectional conflict and Civil War. 29. Cf. Ernest Tuvcson, Redeemer Nation (Chicago, 1968); Davis, ", "quoted_text": "(Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1983). Lipset and Raab (p. 95) call anti-Catholicism the anti-Semitism of the nineteenth century. Without minimizing anti-Semitism in American history and its consequences for Jews, anti-Catholicism played a far more central role in American politics as a whole than anti-Semitism. Following Ellis, I would suggest that anti-Catholicism (along with racialist phobias) was the anti- Communism of the nineteenth century. On anti-Semitism, cf. Lipset and Raab, 135-41, 160-71, 180-84, 351-54, and David Wise, The Abandonment of the Jews (New York, 1984). The relative importance of race and religion in structuring antebellum poli- tics is a complex and much-debated question. It is worth stressing, however, that efforts to organize the antebellum political system around nonracial targets, from the Anti-Mason Party at the beginning of the Jacksonian period to the Notes to Pages 58-63 309 American party at its end, lost out to a racially based system\u2014first in westward expansion and Indian removal, then in sectional conflict and Civil War. 29. Cf. Ernest Tuvcson, Redeemer Nation (Chicago, 1968); Davis,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2187, "quote_prefix": "eds., Conspiracy (New York, 1972), 1-86. 28. Quotes are from Lyman Beecher, A Plea for the West, and Samuel F. B. Morse, Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, excerpted in Davis, Fear of Conspiracy, 90, 97\u201499. Cf. also Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America (New York, 1971), 36; Ray Allen Billington, The Protestant Crusade, 1800-1860 (New York, 1938); Richard Ellis, \"Catholicism, Communism, and the Protestant Mind\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Themes of Countcrsubversion\"; David Brion Davis, The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1 969); Karen Halttunen, Confidence Men and Painted Women (New Haven, 1982); Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 236\u2014 56. 30. Billington, Protestant Crusade, 68-74. 31. Cf. Paul Johnson, A Shopkeeper's Millennium (New York, 1978). 32. Takaki, Iron Cages, 16\u201435; John K. Alexander, Render Them Submissive (Amherst, Mass., 1980), 6, 32. 33. Eleanor Flcxner, Century of Struggle, 2d ed. (Cambridge,", "pages": [8, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "structuring antebellum politics is a complex and much-debated question. It is worth stressing, however, that efforts to organize the antebellum political system around nonracial targets, from the Anti-Mason Party at the beginning of the Jacksonian period to the Notes to Pages 58-63 309 American party at its end, lost out to a racially based system\u2014first in westward expansion and Indian removal, then in sectional conflict and Civil War. 29. Cf. Ernest Tuvcson, Redeemer Nation (Chicago, 1968); Davis, \"<em>Themes of Countcrsubversion</em>\"; David Brion Davis, The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1 969); Karen Halttunen, Confidence Men and Painted Women (New Haven, 1982); Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 236\u2014 56. 30. Billington, Protestant Crusade, 68-74. 31. Cf. Paul Johnson, A Shopkeeper's Millennium (New York, 1978). 32. Takaki, Iron Cages, 16\u201435; John K. Alexander, Render Them Submissive (Amherst, Mass., 1980), 6, 32. 33. Eleanor Flcxner, Century of Struggle, 2d ed. (Cambridge, Mass., 1975), 151-69,294-95.", "quote_start_pos": 21405, "quote_exact": "Themes of Countcrsubversion", "quoted_text": "Themes of Countcrsubversion", "quote_start_page_pos": 243, "quote_prefix": "structuring antebellum politics is a complex and much-debated question. It is worth stressing, however, that efforts to organize the antebellum political system around nonracial targets, from the Anti-Mason Party at the beginning of the Jacksonian period to the Notes to Pages 58-63 309 American party at its end, lost out to a racially based system\u2014first in westward expansion and Indian removal, then in sectional conflict and Civil War. 29. Cf. Ernest Tuvcson, Redeemer Nation (Chicago, 1968); Davis, \"", "quote_suffix": "\"; David Brion Davis, The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1 969); Karen Halttunen, Confidence Men and Painted Women (New Haven, 1982); Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 236\u2014 56. 30. Billington, Protestant Crusade, 68-74. 31. Cf. Paul Johnson, A Shopkeeper's Millennium (New York, 1978). 32. Takaki, Iron Cages, 16\u201435; John K. Alexander, Render Them Submissive (Amherst, Mass., 1980), 6, 32. 33. Eleanor Flcxner, Century of Struggle, 2d ed. (Cambridge, Mass., 1975), 151-69,294-95.", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "is a complex and much-debated question. It is worth stressing, however, that efforts to organize the antebellum political system around nonracial targets, from the Anti-Mason Party at the beginning of the Jacksonian period to the Notes to Pages 58-63 309 American party at its end, lost out to a racially based system\u2014first in westward expansion and Indian removal, then in sectional conflict and Civil War. 29. Cf. Ernest Tuvcson, Redeemer Nation (Chicago, 1968); Davis, \"Themes of Countcrsubversion\"<em>; David Brion Davis, The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1 969); Karen Halttunen, Confidence Men and Painted Women (New Haven, 1982); Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 236\u2014 56. 30. Billington, Protestant Crusade, 68-74. 31. Cf. Paul Johnson, A Shopkeeper's Millennium (New York, 1978). 32. Takaki, Iron Cages, 16\u201435; John K. Alexander, Render Them Submissive (Amherst, Mass., 1980), 6, 32. 33. Eleanor Flcxner, Century of Struggle, 2d ed. (Cambridge, Mass., 1975), 151-69,294-95. 34. Cf. Catharine Beecher, A Treatise on Domestic Economy (New York, 1841); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Peter Walker, Moral Choices: Memory, Desire, and imagination in Nineteenth-Century Abolition (Baton Rouge, La., 1978), 87\u2014205; Barbara Berg, The Remembered Gate: Origins of American Feminism (Ne York, 1978); and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113-86. 35. Benjamin Rush, </em>\"Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze,", "quote_start_pos": 22525, "quote_exact": "; David Brion Davis, The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1 969); Karen Halttunen, Confidence Men and Painted Women (New Haven, 1982); Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 236\u2014 56. 30. Billington, Protestant Crusade, 68-74. 31. Cf. Paul Johnson, A Shopkeeper's Millennium (New York, 1978). 32. Takaki, Iron Cages, 16\u201435; John K. Alexander, Render Them Submis- sive (Amherst, Mass., 1980), 6, 32. 33. Eleanor Flcxner, Century of Struggle, 2d ed. (Cambridge, Mass., 1975), 151-69,294-95. 34. Cf. Catharine Beecher, A Treatise on Domestic Economy (New York, 1841); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domes- ticity (New Haven, 1973); Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Peter Walker, Moral Choices: Memory, Desire, and imagi- nation in Nineteenth-Century Abolition (Baton Rouge, La., 1978), 87\u2014205; Barbara Berg, The Remembered Gate: Origins of American Feminism (Ne York, 1978); and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113-86. 35. Benjamin Rush, ", "quoted_text": "; David Brion Davis, The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1 969); Karen Halttunen, Confidence Men and Painted Women (New Haven, 1982); Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 236\u2014 56. 30. Billington, Protestant Crusade, 68-74. 31. Cf. Paul Johnson, A Shopkeeper's Millennium (New York, 1978). 32. Takaki, Iron Cages, 16\u201435; John K. Alexander, Render Them Submis- sive (Amherst, Mass., 1980), 6, 32. 33. Eleanor Flcxner, Century of Struggle, 2d ed. (Cambridge, Mass., 1975), 151-69,294-95. 34. Cf. Catharine Beecher, A Treatise on Domestic Economy (New York, 1841); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domes- ticity (New Haven, 1973); Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Peter Walker, Moral Choices: Memory, Desire, and imagi- nation in Nineteenth-Century Abolition (Baton Rouge, La., 1978), 87\u2014205; Barbara Berg, The Remembered Gate: Origins of American Feminism (Ne York, 1978); and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113-86. 35. Benjamin Rush,", "quote_start_page_pos": 271, "quote_prefix": "is a complex and much-debated question. It is worth stressing, however, that efforts to organize the antebellum political system around nonracial targets, from the Anti-Mason Party at the beginning of the Jacksonian period to the Notes to Pages 58-63 309 American party at its end, lost out to a racially based system\u2014first in westward expansion and Indian removal, then in sectional conflict and Civil War. 29. Cf. Ernest Tuvcson, Redeemer Nation (Chicago, 1968); Davis, \"Themes of Countcrsubversion\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze,", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Peter Walker, Moral Choices: Memory, Desire, and imagination in Nineteenth-Century Abolition (Baton Rouge, La., 1978), 87\u2014205; Barbara Berg, The Remembered Gate: Origins of American Feminism (Ne York, 1978); and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113-86. 35. Benjamin Rush, \"<em>Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,</em>\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October", "quote_start_pos": 22650, "quote_exact": "Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,", "quoted_text": "Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1391, "quote_prefix": "Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Peter Walker, Moral Choices: Memory, Desire, and imagination in Nineteenth-Century Abolition (Baton Rouge, La., 1978), 87\u2014205; Barbara Berg, The Remembered Gate: Origins of American Feminism (Ne York, 1978); and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113-86. 35. Benjamin Rush, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Peter Walker, Moral Choices: Memory, Desire, and imagination in Nineteenth-Century Abolition (Baton Rouge, La., 1978), 87\u2014205; Barbara Berg, The Remembered Gate: Origins of American Feminism (Ne York, 1978); and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113-86. 35. Benjamin Rush, \"Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\"<em> Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, </em>\"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays,", "quote_start_pos": 23027, "quote_exact": " Trans- actions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Mea- sure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, ", "quoted_text": "Trans- actions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Mea- sure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1516, "quote_prefix": "Peter Walker, Moral Choices: Memory, Desire, and imagination in Nineteenth-Century Abolition (Baton Rouge, La., 1978), 87\u2014205; Barbara Berg, The Remembered Gate: Origins of American Feminism (Ne York, 1978); and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113-86. 35. Benjamin Rush, \"Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays,", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"<em>The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,</em>\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806),", "quote_start_pos": 23091, "quote_exact": "The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,", "quoted_text": "The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1893, "quote_prefix": "\"Observations Intended to Favour a Supposition That the Black Color (As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806),", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\"<em> Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, </em>\"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman,", "quote_start_pos": 23185, "quote_exact": " Pennsylvania Magazine of His- tory and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, ", "quoted_text": "Pennsylvania Magazine of His- tory and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1957, "quote_prefix": "(As It Is Called) of the Negroes is Derived from Leprosy,\" Transactions of the American Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman,", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"<em>Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic</em>\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971),", "quote_start_pos": 23231, "quote_exact": "Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic", "quoted_text": "Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic", "quote_start_page_pos": 2051, "quote_prefix": "Philosophical Society 4 [1799]: 289\u201497, reprinted in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971),", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\"<em> and </em>\"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and", "quote_start_pos": 23237, "quote_exact": " and ", "quoted_text": "and", "quote_start_page_pos": 2097, "quote_prefix": "in Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"<em>The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,</em>\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New", "quote_start_pos": 23277, "quote_exact": "The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,", "quoted_text": "The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2103, "quote_prefix": "Winthrop D. Jordan, ed., The Negro Versus Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\"<em> in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and </em>\"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis", "quote_start_pos": 23379, "quote_exact": " in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and ", "quoted_text": "in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and", "quote_start_page_pos": 2143, "quote_prefix": "Equality, 1762\u20141826 (Chicago, 1969), 44-49. 36. Takaki, Iron Cages, 19\u201422; Alexander, Render Them Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"<em>An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals</em>\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255.", "quote_start_pos": 23449, "quote_exact": "An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals", "quoted_text": "An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals", "quote_start_page_pos": 2245, "quote_prefix": "Submissive, 157. Cf. for this and the succeeding two paragraphs, Michael Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255.", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\"<em> and </em>\"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255.", "quote_start_pos": 23455, "quote_exact": " and ", "quoted_text": "and", "quote_start_page_pos": 2315, "quote_prefix": "Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\"", "quote_suffix": "\"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255.", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"<em>An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,</em>\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255. 38. David J. Rothman, Conscience and Convenience\u2014The Asylum", "quote_start_pos": 23515, "quote_exact": "An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Pun- ishments . . . ,", "quoted_text": "An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Pun- ishments . . . ,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2321, "quote_prefix": "Ignatieff, A Just Measure of Pain (New York, 1978), 69-70; Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255. 38. David J. Rothman, Conscience and Convenience\u2014The Asylum", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\"<em> in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadelphia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asylum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255. 38. David J. Rothman, Conscience and Convenience\u2014The Asylum and Its Alternatives in Progressive America (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), 17. 310 Notes to Pages 63-72 39. Cf. Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment: The Myth of the Frontier in the Age of Industrialization, 1800-1890 (New York, 1985). The quoted example is on p. 450. 40. Goldstein, Political Repression, offers a splendid history of its subject, and I have relied heavily on that book for examples and analysis in this and the following section. The quoted sentence and surrounding commentary in this paragraph are from pp. 24\u201428. 41. Trachtenberg, Incorporation, 71; Nick Salvatore, Eugene V. Debs (Urbana, III, 1982), 35. 42. Cf. Henry David, The History of the Haymarket Affair, 2d ed. (New York, 1958); Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 35-88. 43. Ginger, Altgeld's America, 143-67. 44. On the IWW, cf. Melvin Dubofsky, We Shall Be All (Chicago, 1969). 45. Goldstein, Political Repression, 86\u2014124. 46. This paragraph and the next summarize ibid., 113, 145\u201458, 167. See also William Preston, Aliens and Dissenters (Cambridge, Mass., 1963), and Robert K. Murray, Red Scare (Minneapolis, Minn., 1955). 47. This and the next paragraph are taken from Goldstein, Political Repression, 3\u201418, and Leon Wolff, Lockout: The Story of the Homestead Strike of 1892 (New York, 1965), 69. 48. Quoted in Goldstein, Political Repression, 550. 49. For material in this and the next paragraph, cf. ibid., 148\u201449, 160; Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980), 34-37; David Williams, </em>\"The Bureau of Investigation and Its Critics, 1919\u20141921: The Origins of Federal Political Surveillance,\" Journal of American History 68 (December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government", "quote_start_pos": 25578, "quote_exact": " in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadel- phia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asy- lum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255. 38. David J. Rothman, Conscience and Convenience\u2014The Asylum and Its Alternatives in Progressive America (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Ha- ven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), 17. 310 Notes to Pages 63-72 39. Cf. Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment: The Myth of the Frontier in the Age of Industrialization, 1800-1890 (New York, 1985). The quoted ex- ample is on p. 450. 40. Goldstein, Political Repression, offers a splendid history of its subject, and I have relied heavily on that book for examples and analysis in this and the following section. The quoted sentence and surrounding commentary in this paragraph are from pp. 24\u201428. 41. Trachtenberg, Incorporation, 71; Nick Salvatore, Eugene V. Debs (Ur- bana, III, 1982), 35. 42. Cf. Henry David, The History of the Haymarket Affair, 2d ed. (New York, 1958); Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 35-88. 43. Ginger, Altgeld's America, 143-67. 44. On the IWW, cf. Melvin Dubofsky, We Shall Be All (Chicago, 1969). 45. Goldstein, Political Repression, 86\u2014124. 46. This paragraph and the next summarize ibid., 113, 145\u201458, 167. See also William Preston, Aliens and Dissenters (Cambridge, Mass., 1963), and Robert K. Murray, Red Scare (Minneapolis, Minn., 1955). 47. This and the next paragraph are taken from Goldstein, Political Repres- sion, 3\u201418, and Leon Wolff, Lockout: The Story of the Homestead Strike of 1892 (New York, 1965), 69. 48. Quoted in Goldstein, Political Repression, 550. 49. For material in this and the next paragraph, cf. ibid., 148\u201449, 160; Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980), 34-37; David Williams, ", "quoted_text": "in Essays, Literary, Moral, and Philosophical, 2d ed. (Philadel- phia, 1806), 114\u201424, 136\u201452. The classic studies of prison reform and the asy- lum remain David J. Rothman, The Discovery of the Asylum (Boston, 1971), and Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish (New York, 1979). Cf. also Rogin, Subversive Genealogy, 187\u201492. 37. Ignatieff, just Measure, 211\u201413; Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1969), 1:255. 38. David J. Rothman, Conscience and Convenience\u2014The Asylum and Its Alternatives in Progressive America (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Ha- ven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), 17. 310 Notes to Pages 63-72 39. Cf. Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment: The Myth of the Frontier in the Age of Industrialization, 1800-1890 (New York, 1985). The quoted ex- ample is on p. 450. 40. Goldstein, Political Repression, offers a splendid history of its subject, and I have relied heavily on that book for examples and analysis in this and the following section. The quoted sentence and surrounding commentary in this paragraph are from pp. 24\u201428. 41. Trachtenberg, Incorporation, 71; Nick Salvatore, Eugene V. Debs (Ur- bana, III, 1982), 35. 42. Cf. Henry David, The History of the Haymarket Affair, 2d ed. (New York, 1958); Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 35-88. 43. Ginger, Altgeld's America, 143-67. 44. On the IWW, cf. Melvin Dubofsky, We Shall Be All (Chicago, 1969). 45. Goldstein, Political Repression, 86\u2014124. 46. This paragraph and the next summarize ibid., 113, 145\u201458, 167. See also William Preston, Aliens and Dissenters (Cambridge, Mass., 1963), and Robert K. Murray, Red Scare (Minneapolis, Minn., 1955). 47. This and the next paragraph are taken from Goldstein, Political Repres- sion, 3\u201418, and Leon Wolff, Lockout: The Story of the Homestead Strike of 1892 (New York, 1965), 69. 48. Quoted in Goldstein, Political Repression, 550. 49. For material in this and the next paragraph, cf. ibid., 148\u201449, 160; Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980), 34-37; David Williams,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2381, "quote_prefix": "Michael Meranze, \"The Penitentiary Ideal of Late Eighteenth-Century Philadelphia,\" Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography 108 (October 1984): 419-50; Benjamin Rush, \"Of the Mode of Education Proper in a Republic\" and \"The Effects of Ardent Spirits Upon Man,\" in Dagobert Runes, ed., The Selected Writings of Benjamin Rush (New York, 1947), 87-92, 334-41, and \"An Address to the Ministers . . . Upon Subjects Interesting to Morals\" and \"An Enquiry into the Effects of Public Punishments . . . ,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Bureau of Investigation and Its Critics, 1919\u20141921: The Origins of Federal Political Surveillance,\" Journal of American History 68 (December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government", "pages": [9, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Preston, Aliens and Dissenters (Cambridge, Mass., 1963), and Robert K. Murray, Red Scare (Minneapolis, Minn., 1955). 47. This and the next paragraph are taken from Goldstein, Political Repression, 3\u201418, and Leon Wolff, Lockout: The Story of the Homestead Strike of 1892 (New York, 1965), 69. 48. Quoted in Goldstein, Political Repression, 550. 49. For material in this and the next paragraph, cf. ibid., 148\u201449, 160; Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980), 34-37; David Williams, \"<em>The Bureau of Investigation and Its Critics, 1919\u20141921: The Origins of Federal Political Surveillance,</em>\" Journal of American History 68 (December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid,", "quote_start_pos": 25681, "quote_exact": "The Bureau of Investigation and Its Critics, 1919\u20141921: The Origins of Federal Political Surveillance,", "quoted_text": "The Bureau of Investigation and Its Critics, 1919\u20141921: The Origins of Federal Political Surveillance,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1431, "quote_prefix": "Preston, Aliens and Dissenters (Cambridge, Mass., 1963), and Robert K. Murray, Red Scare (Minneapolis, Minn., 1955). 47. This and the next paragraph are taken from Goldstein, Political Repression, 3\u201418, and Leon Wolff, Lockout: The Story of the Homestead Strike of 1892 (New York, 1965), 69. 48. Quoted in Goldstein, Political Repression, 550. 49. For material in this and the next paragraph, cf. ibid., 148\u201449, 160; Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980), 34-37; David Williams, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Journal of American History 68 (December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid,", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Minn., 1955). 47. This and the next paragraph are taken from Goldstein, Political Repression, 3\u201418, and Leon Wolff, Lockout: The Story of the Homestead Strike of 1892 (New York, 1965), 69. 48. Quoted in Goldstein, Political Repression, 550. 49. For material in this and the next paragraph, cf. ibid., 148\u201449, 160; Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980), 34-37; David Williams, \"The Bureau of Investigation and Its Critics, 1919\u20141921: The Origins of Federal Political Surveillance,\"<em> Journal of American History 68 (December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, </em>\"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression,", "quote_start_pos": 26212, "quote_exact": " Journal of American History 68 (December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveil- lance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, ", "quoted_text": "Journal of American History 68 (December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveil- lance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1534, "quote_prefix": "Minn., 1955). 47. This and the next paragraph are taken from Goldstein, Political Repression, 3\u201418, and Leon Wolff, Lockout: The Story of the Homestead Strike of 1892 (New York, 1965), 69. 48. Quoted in Goldstein, Political Repression, 550. 49. For material in this and the next paragraph, cf. ibid., 148\u201449, 160; Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980), 34-37; David Williams, \"The Bureau of Investigation and Its Critics, 1919\u20141921: The Origins of Federal Political Surveillance,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression,", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"<em>Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,</em>\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two", "quote_start_pos": 26268, "quote_exact": "Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,", "quoted_text": "Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2065, "quote_prefix": "(December 1981): 561-79. 50. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\"<em> American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, </em>\"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and", "quote_start_pos": 26477, "quote_exact": " American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, ", "quoted_text": "American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2121, "quote_prefix": "Surveillance, 53-57. 51. Goldstein, Political Repression, 176, 249\u201453; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 241-42. 52. Goldstein, Political Repression, 252. 53. Ibid., 299\u2014304. Other sources include David J. Caute, The Great Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"<em>Kissinger and the FBI,</em>\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg", "quote_start_pos": 26500, "quote_exact": "Kissinger and the FBI,", "quoted_text": "Kissinger and the FBI,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2330, "quote_prefix": "Fear: The Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\"<em> Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, </em>\"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf.", "quote_start_pos": 26737, "quote_exact": " Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2353, "quote_prefix": "Anti-Communist Purge Under Truman and Eisenhower (New York, 1978), and Allan Earth, Government by Investigation (New York, 1955). 54. Goldstein, Political Repression, 374. 55. Ibid, 309. 56. Ibid, 328-32; Michael E. Parnsh, \"Cold War Justice: The Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Cold War Justice,\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf.", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"<em>Cold War Justice,</em>\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin,", "quote_start_pos": 26755, "quote_exact": "Cold War Justice,", "quoted_text": "Cold War Justice,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2590, "quote_prefix": "Supreme Court and the Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin,", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\"<em> 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stimulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, </em>\"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political", "quote_start_pos": 27457, "quote_exact": " 811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stim- ulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, ", "quoted_text": "811. The two most recent books on Hiss and the Rosenbergs, each of which has stim- ulated controversy, are Allan Weinstein, Perjury: The Hiss-Chambers Case (New Notes to Pages 73-82 311 York, 1983), and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2608, "quote_prefix": "Rosenbergs,\" American Historical Review 82 (October 1977): 840; Kim Chernin, In My Mother's House (New York, 1983), 234-60. 57. Donner, Age of Surveillance, 156\u201465; Goldstein, Political Repression, 394; Sigmund Diamond, \"Kissinger and the FBI,\" Nation, 10 November 1979, pp. 449, 466-68. 58. Goldstein, Political Repression, 341, 394-95; Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds. Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y, 1973), xix. 59. Goldstein, Political Repression, 318; Parrish, \"Cold War Justice,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political", "pages": [10, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"<em>From Salvation to Self-Realization,</em>\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22,", "quote_start_pos": 27493, "quote_exact": "From Salvation to Self-Realization,", "quoted_text": "From Salvation to Self-Realization,", "quote_start_page_pos": 540, "quote_prefix": "and Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22,", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\"<em> in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, </em>\"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age", "quote_start_pos": 27701, "quote_exact": " in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, ", "quoted_text": "in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 576, "quote_prefix": "The Rosenberg File (New York, 1983). 60. Goldstein, Political Repression, 385-88; Athan Theoharis, Seeds of Repression: Harry S. Truman and the Origins of McCarthyism (Chicago, 1971). 61. Cf. Victor Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"<em>Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,</em>\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers,", "quote_start_pos": 27741, "quote_exact": "Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,", "quoted_text": "Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,", "quote_start_page_pos": 784, "quote_prefix": "Naming Names (New York, 1980). 62. Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers,", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\"<em> Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, </em>\"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf.", "quote_start_pos": 27859, "quote_exact": " Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, ", "quoted_text": "Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 824, "quote_prefix": "Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 216-60. 63. Stuart Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The New Barbarians,\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf.", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"<em>The New Barbarians,</em>\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political", "quote_start_pos": 27879, "quote_exact": "The New Barbarians,", "quoted_text": "The New Barbarians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 942, "quote_prefix": "Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\"<em> in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, </em>\"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER", "quote_start_pos": 28667, "quote_exact": " in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Sur- veillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, ", "quoted_text": "in The Decline of Radicalism (New York, 1979), 121-35. 68. Goldstein, Political Repression, 418-19. 69. Ibid., 419-22, 445-46; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 143-44, 204-6. 70. Cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 430-37, 448; Donner, Age of Sur- veillance, 277-78. 71. Goldstein, Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck,", "quote_start_page_pos": 962, "quote_prefix": "Consciousness (New York, 1976), 36\u201437, 44\u2014 46, 63, 75-76. 64. T. J. Jackson Lears, \"From Salvation to Self-Realization,\" in Richard W. Fox and T. J. Jackson Lears, eds., The Culture of Consumption (New York, 1983), 1-38. 65. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 91\u201492; Paul Lazarsfeld et al., Voting (New York, 1954); Todd Gitlin, \"Media Sociology: The Dominant Paradigm,\" Theory and Society 68 (September 1978), 205-53. 66. Ewen, Captains of Consciousness, 191, 213. 67. Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"<em>National Security a Decade After,</em>\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN,", "quote_start_pos": 28701, "quote_exact": "National Security a Decade After,", "quoted_text": "National Security a Decade After,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1750, "quote_prefix": "Political Repression, 448-51; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN,", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\"<em> democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, </em>\"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies", "quote_start_pos": 28801, "quote_exact": " democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, ", "quoted_text": "democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1784, "quote_prefix": "of Surveillance, 236\u201437; Waiters and Cillers, Investigating the FBI, xx. 72. Goldstein, Political Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"<em>Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,</em>\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway,", "quote_start_pos": 28834, "quote_exact": "Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,", "quoted_text": "Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1884, "quote_prefix": "Repression, 487-94. 73. Ibid., 504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway,", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\"<em> Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, </em>\"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of", "quote_start_pos": 28889, "quote_exact": " Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1917, "quote_prefix": "504-11. 74. On Watergate, cf. Goldstein, Political Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"<em>Washington vs. The Right to Know,</em>\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain", "quote_start_pos": 28923, "quote_exact": "Washington vs. The Right to Know,", "quoted_text": "Washington vs. The Right to Know,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1972, "quote_prefix": "Repression, 461\u201483; Donner, Age of Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\"<em> Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, </em>\"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of", "quote_start_pos": 28980, "quote_exact": " Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2006, "quote_prefix": "Surveillance, 243, 332-33; J. Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"<em>Never Question the President,</em>\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776", "quote_start_pos": 29010, "quote_exact": "Never Question the President,", "quoted_text": "Never Question the President,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2063, "quote_prefix": "Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\"<em> Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, </em>\"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins,", "quote_start_pos": 29092, "quote_exact": " Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2093, "quote_prefix": "York, 1976). See also chapter 3. 75. Thomas Powers, The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins,", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"<em>National Security,</em>\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense", "quote_start_pos": 29111, "quote_exact": "National Security,", "quoted_text": "National Security,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2175, "quote_prefix": "Richard Helms and the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\"<em> 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, </em>\"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with", "quote_start_pos": 29344, "quote_exact": " 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, ", "quoted_text": "59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2194, "quote_prefix": "the CIA (New York, 1979), 10, 302-4. 76. John Shattuck, \"National Security a Decade After,\" democracy, Winter 1983, p. 64. 77. San Francisco Chronicle, 7 May 1986, p. 18. 78. John Shattuck, \"Cutting Back on Freedom By Fiat,\" Nation, 11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with", "pages": [11, 11]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"<em>A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,</em>\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common", "quote_start_pos": 29446, "quote_exact": "A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,", "quoted_text": "A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2427, "quote_prefix": "11 June 1983, pp. 734-35; Lois P. Sheinfeld, \"Washington vs. The Right to Know,\" Nation, 13 April 1985, pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common", "pages": [11, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\"<em> in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, </em>\"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote,", "quote_start_pos": 29557, "quote_exact": " in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revo- lution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, ", "quoted_text": "in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revo- lution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine,", "quote_start_page_pos": 51, "quote_prefix": "pp. 426-28; Morton H. Halperin, \"Never Question the President,\" Nation, 29 September 1984, p. 286. 79. Nation, 26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote,", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"<em>Common Sense,</em>\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that", "quote_start_pos": 29571, "quote_exact": "Common Sense,", "quoted_text": "Common Sense,", "quote_start_page_pos": 162, "quote_prefix": "26 March 1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\"<em> in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, </em>\"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered", "quote_start_pos": 29939, "quote_exact": " in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianap- olis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Rich- ard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, ", "quoted_text": "in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianap- olis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Rich- ard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine,", "quote_start_page_pos": 176, "quote_prefix": "1983, p. 353; Shattuck, \"National Security,\" 59-60; San Francisco Examiner, 26 May 1985, p. A2. CHAPTER HI. THE KING'S TWO BODIES: LINCOLN, WILSON, NIXON, AND PRESIDENTIAL SELF-SACRIFICE 1. Ernst H. Kantorowicz, The King's Two Bodies (Princeton, 1957), 7. 2. Joseph Galloway, \"A Candid Examination of the Mutual Claims of Great 312 Notes to Pages 82-85 Britain and the Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"<em>Common Sense,</em>\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961),", "quote_start_pos": 29953, "quote_exact": "Common Sense,", "quoted_text": "Common Sense,", "quote_start_page_pos": 544, "quote_prefix": "Colonies,\" in Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961),", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\"<em> 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, </em>\"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus", "quote_start_pos": 30062, "quote_exact": " 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, ", "quoted_text": "32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 558, "quote_prefix": "Merrill Jensen, ed., Tracts of the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (Indianapolis, 1967), 354; Tom Paine, \"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"<em>I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation</em>\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57.", "quote_start_pos": 30241, "quote_exact": "I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indis- pensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation", "quoted_text": "I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indis- pensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation", "quote_start_page_pos": 667, "quote_prefix": "\"Common Sense,\" in Nelson F. Adkins, ed., Common Sense and Other Political Writings (Indianapolis, 1953), 32. 3. Richard Nixon, quoted in Thomas C. Blaisdell, Jr. et al., The American Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57.", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\"<em> (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, </em>\"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974,", "quote_start_pos": 30480, "quote_exact": " (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, ", "quoted_text": "(Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus,", "quote_start_page_pos": 846, "quote_prefix": "Presidency in Political Cartoons: 1776-1976 (Salt Lake City, 1976), 252; Richard Nixon, interview with David Frost, New York Times, 20 May 1977, p. 16 (cited hereafter as Frost, NYT). 4. Paine, \"Common Sense,\" 32; San Francisco Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974,", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"<em>Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?</em>\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents", "quote_start_pos": 30519, "quote_exact": "Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?", "quoted_text": "Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?", "quote_start_page_pos": 1085, "quote_prefix": "Chronicle, 21 May 1977, p. 8. 5. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\"<em> Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, </em>\"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham", "quote_start_pos": 31213, "quote_exact": " Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, ", "quoted_text": "Newsday, 1 February 1973, pp. 20\u201421. Marcus and Garry Wills were the first to explore Nixon's effort to model himself on Lincoln. See Garry Wills, Nixon Agonistes (New York, 1971), 23-24, 42, 83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1124, "quote_prefix": "May 1977, p. 16. Lincoln actually wrote, \"I felt that measures, otherwise unconstitutional, might become lawful, by becoming indispensable to the preservation of the constitution, through the preservation of the nation\" (Abraham Lincoln to Albert G. Hodges, 4 April 1864, in Roy P. Easier, ed., Abraham Lincoln, Collected Works, 9 vols. [Springfield, 111., 1953-55J, 7:281). 6. See David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 188-91; Greil Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon: Strange Bedfellows?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"<em>A Model of Christian Charity,</em>\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious", "quote_start_pos": 31243, "quote_exact": "A Model of Christian Charity,", "quoted_text": "A Model of Christian Charity,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1818, "quote_prefix": "83, 105, 117-18, 140, 156-57. 7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"A Model of Christian Charity,\"<em> in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, </em>\"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest", "quote_start_pos": 31492, "quote_exact": " in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, ", "quoted_text": "in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1848, "quote_prefix": "7. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 3\u20144, 61\u201463. 8. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 82; Anthony Lukas, Nightmare: The Underside of the Nixon Years (New York, 1976), 635; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 33; 26 May 1977, p. 40; Gerald Ford, 9 August 1974, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"A Model of Christian Charity,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"<em>Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,</em>\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political", "quote_start_pos": 31553, "quote_exact": "Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Spring- field, III,", "quoted_text": "Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Spring- field, III,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2097, "quote_prefix": "Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents of1974 (Washington, D.C., 1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\"<em> 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See </em>\"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982).", "quote_start_pos": 31711, "quote_exact": " 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See ", "quoted_text": "27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See", "quote_start_page_pos": 2158, "quote_prefix": "1975), 697-99. 9. Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 15-17, 42-48, 61-78, 90-93, 194-206, 268; Erik H. Enkson, Young Man Luther (New York, 1958), 140-43; John Winthrop, \"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982).", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"<em>Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,</em>\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111.,", "quote_start_pos": 31762, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2316, "quote_prefix": "\"A Model of Christian Charity,\" in Edmund P. Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111.,", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\"<em> in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, </em>\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech", "quote_start_pos": 31876, "quote_exact": " in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, ", "quoted_text": "in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2367, "quote_prefix": "Morgan, ed., Puritan Political Ideas (Indianapolis, 1965), 84-92. 10. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 83. Wills convincingly demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"<em>Lincoln's Abraham,</em>\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich.,", "quote_start_pos": 31895, "quote_exact": "Lincoln's Abraham,", "quoted_text": "Lincoln's Abraham,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2481, "quote_prefix": "demonstrates Wilson's importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich.,", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"<em> Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, </em>\"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic", "quote_start_pos": 31982, "quote_exact": " Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, ", "quoted_text": "Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2500, "quote_prefix": "importance to Nixon. See pp. 30-31, 42, 386, 392-97, 419, 422-27, 429-33. 11. Abraham Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"<em>The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America</em>\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to", "quote_start_pos": 32076, "quote_exact": "The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America", "quoted_text": "The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America", "quote_start_page_pos": 2587, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln, \"Address before the Young Men's Lyceum of Springfield, III,\" 27 January 1838, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\"<em> (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, </em>\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864;", "quote_start_pos": 32326, "quote_exact": " (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "(Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2681, "quote_prefix": "Easier, Abraham Lincoln 1:108-15. Edmund Wilson was the first to suggest the importance of this speech for Lincoln's future career. See \"Abraham Lincoln: The Union as Religious Mysticism,\" in Flight Essays (Garden City, N.Y., 1954). My sketch of Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864;", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"<em>Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham", "quote_start_pos": 32343, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2931, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln derives from this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham", "pages": [12, 12]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, </em>\"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333.", "quote_start_pos": 32898, "quote_exact": " 190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Re- publican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "190\u201491. 13. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Kalamazoo, Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Re- publican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2948, "quote_prefix": "this essay, from Norman Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" Helderberg Review 1 (Spring 1971): 14\u201419; and, most important, from Dwight Anderson, \"The Quest for Immortality: Abraham Lincoln and the Founding of Political Authority in America\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1972), now published as Abraham Lincoln: The Quest for Immortality (New York, 1982). 12. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 16 June 1858, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:461; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333.", "pages": [12, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"<em>A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln", "quote_start_pos": 32945, "quote_exact": "A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,", "quoted_text": "A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 331, "quote_prefix": "Mich., 27 August 1856; speech at Chicago, 10 July 1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, </em>\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished", "quote_start_pos": 33033, "quote_exact": " American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 378, "quote_prefix": "1858; reply to N.Y. Workingmen's Democratic Republican Association, 21 March 1864; speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"<em>Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory,", "quote_start_pos": 33052, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lin- coln,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lin- coln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 466, "quote_prefix": "speech to the 166th Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> 202; Jacobson, </em>\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\"", "quote_start_pos": 33069, "quote_exact": " 202; Jacobson, ", "quoted_text": "202; Jacobson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 485, "quote_prefix": "Ohio Regiment, 22 Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\"", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"<em>Lincoln's Abraham,</em>\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of", "quote_start_pos": 33088, "quote_exact": "Lincoln's Abraham,", "quoted_text": "Lincoln's Abraham,", "quote_start_page_pos": 502, "quote_prefix": "Notes to Pages 86-90 313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"<em> 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, </em>\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning", "quote_start_pos": 33147, "quote_exact": " 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 521, "quote_prefix": "313 August 1864; all in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:364, 499; 7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"<em>Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle", "quote_start_pos": 33166, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lin- coln,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lin- coln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 580, "quote_prefix": "7:259-60, 512; Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> 201\u20142; Anderson, </em>\"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\"", "quote_start_pos": 33185, "quote_exact": " 201\u20142; Anderson, ", "quoted_text": "201\u20142; Anderson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 599, "quote_prefix": "Carl Sandburg, Lincoln Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\"", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"<em>Quest for Immortality,</em>\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants.", "quote_start_pos": 33208, "quote_exact": "Quest for Immortality,", "quoted_text": "Quest for Immortality,", "quote_start_page_pos": 618, "quote_prefix": "Collector (New York, 1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants.", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"<em> 211\u201416; Jacobson, </em>\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see", "quote_start_pos": 33228, "quote_exact": " 211\u201416; Jacobson, ", "quoted_text": "211\u201416; Jacobson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 641, "quote_prefix": "1949), 162. 14. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"<em>Lincoln's Abraham,</em>\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton", "quote_start_pos": 33249, "quote_exact": "Lin- coln's Abraham,", "quoted_text": "Lin- coln's Abraham,", "quote_start_page_pos": 661, "quote_prefix": "Abraham Lincoln, speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"<em> 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, </em>\"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro", "quote_start_pos": 33325, "quote_exact": " 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, ", "quoted_text": "17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 682, "quote_prefix": "Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857; letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, 21 November 1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"<em>Second Inaugural Address,</em>\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of", "quote_start_pos": 33351, "quote_exact": "Second Inaugural Address,", "quoted_text": "Second Inaugural Address,", "quote_start_page_pos": 758, "quote_prefix": "1864; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\"<em> 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, </em>\"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 33550, "quote_exact": " 4 March 1865, in Eas- ier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Nor- man, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, ", "quoted_text": "4 March 1865, in Eas- ier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Nor- man, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper,", "quote_start_page_pos": 784, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln 2:404, 8:117; see also George W. Wilson, \"A Prophetic Dream Reported by Abraham Lincoln,\" American Imago 1 (June 1940): 48. 15. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "coln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"<em>Glory, Glory Halleluiah</em>\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham", "quote_start_pos": 33574, "quote_exact": "Glory, Glory Halleluiah", "quoted_text": "Glory, Glory Halleluiah", "quote_start_page_pos": 983, "quote_prefix": "coln,\" 202; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\"<em> (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the </em>\"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\"", "quote_start_pos": 33661, "quote_exact": " (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the ", "quoted_text": "(University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the", "quote_start_page_pos": 1007, "quote_prefix": "\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 18. 16. Sandburg, Lincoln Collector, 219; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\"", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "coln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"<em>Battle Hymn of the Republic</em>\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg", "quote_start_pos": 33689, "quote_exact": "Battle Hymn of the Republic", "quoted_text": "Battle Hymn of the Republic", "quote_start_page_pos": 1094, "quote_prefix": "coln,\" 201\u20142; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\"<em> and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the </em>\"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln", "quote_start_pos": 33840, "quote_exact": " and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Re- considered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the ", "quoted_text": "and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Re- considered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the", "quote_start_page_pos": 1122, "quote_prefix": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 211\u201416; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 17\u201418; William Shakespeare, Macbeth, act 3, scene 2. 17. Abraham Lincoln, \"Second Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\"", "quote_suffix": "\"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"<em>children of Israel</em>\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid.", "quote_start_pos": 33859, "quote_exact": "children of Israel", "quoted_text": "children of Israel", "quote_start_page_pos": 1273, "quote_prefix": "Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid.", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\"<em> held in </em>\"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald,", "quote_start_pos": 33869, "quote_exact": " held in ", "quoted_text": "held in", "quote_start_page_pos": 1292, "quote_prefix": "1865, in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"<em>Egyptian bondage</em>\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered,", "quote_start_pos": 33886, "quote_exact": "Egyptian bondage", "quoted_text": "Egyptian bondage", "quote_start_page_pos": 1302, "quote_prefix": "Easier, Abraham Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\"<em> (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; </em>\"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence", "quote_start_pos": 34131, "quote_exact": " (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; ", "quoted_text": "(speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854;", "quote_start_page_pos": 1319, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln 8:333. 18. Charles Hamilton and Lloyd Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs (Norman, Okla., 1963), 153. Elliot Corn's important, unpublished seminar paper, \"Glory, Glory Halleluiah\" (University of California, Berkeley, 1974), discusses the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"<em>Emancipation Proclamation,</em>\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February", "quote_start_pos": 34160, "quote_exact": "Emancipa- tion Proclamation,", "quoted_text": "Emancipa- tion Proclamation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1564, "quote_prefix": "the genesis and meaning of the \"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\"<em> 1 January 1863; </em>\"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier,", "quote_start_pos": 34178, "quote_exact": " 1 January 1863; ", "quoted_text": "1 January 1863;", "quote_start_page_pos": 1593, "quote_prefix": "\"Battle Hymn of the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"<em>Gettysburg Address,</em>\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln", "quote_start_pos": 34198, "quote_exact": "Gettysburg Address,", "quoted_text": "Gettysburg Address,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1611, "quote_prefix": "the Republic\" and its variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\"<em> 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, </em>\"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23.", "quote_start_pos": 34281, "quote_exact": " 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, ", "quoted_text": "19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1631, "quote_prefix": "variants. On Father Abraham, see pp. 30-32. Stanton is quoted in Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23.", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"<em>Quest for Immortality,</em>\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens,", "quote_start_pos": 34304, "quote_exact": "Quest for Immortality,", "quoted_text": "Quest for Immortality,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1714, "quote_prefix": "Reconsidered, 8. Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"<em> 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, </em>\"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf,", "quote_start_pos": 34434, "quote_exact": " 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Her- man Melville, ", "quoted_text": "185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Her- man Melville,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1737, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln had compared Negro slaves to the \"children of Israel\" held in \"Egyptian bondage\" (speech at Springfield, 111., 26 June 1857), in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"<em>The Martyr,</em>\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln", "quote_start_pos": 34446, "quote_exact": "The Martyr,", "quoted_text": "The Martyr,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1867, "quote_prefix": "Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\"<em> Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, </em>\"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53,", "quote_start_pos": 34746, "quote_exact": " Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; re- print, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 Feb- ruary 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, ", "quoted_text": "Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; re- print, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 Feb- ruary 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1879, "quote_prefix": "Abraham Lincoln 2:409. On the Civil War as Calvinist retribution, see Edmund Wilson, Patriotic Gore (New York, 1962), 3-106. 19. Abraham Lincoln, speech at Peoria, 111., 16 October 1854; \"Emancipation Proclamation,\" 1 January 1863; \"Gettysburg Address,\" 19 November 1863; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"<em>Quest for Immortality,</em>\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28;", "quote_start_pos": 34769, "quote_exact": "Quest for Immortality,", "quoted_text": "Quest for Immortality,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2179, "quote_prefix": "2:276, 6:30, 7:17-19. See Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28;", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"<em> 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; </em>\"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25.", "quote_start_pos": 35133, "quote_exact": " 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; ", "quoted_text": "132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863;", "quote_start_page_pos": 2202, "quote_prefix": "Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 185-220. 20. Easier, Abraham Lincoln 2:115. 21. Ibid. 8:333; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 139, 148-49, 153; Herman Melville, \"The Martyr,\" Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866; reprint, Amherst, 1962), 141-42. 22. Abraham Lincoln, address at Cooper Institute, New York City, 11 February 1861; speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25.", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"<em>First Inaugural Address,</em>\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith,", "quote_start_pos": 35158, "quote_exact": "First Inaugural Address,", "quoted_text": "First Inaugural Address,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2566, "quote_prefix": "Hall, Philadelphia, 22 February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith,", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\"<em> 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, </em>\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions", "quote_start_pos": 35408, "quote_exact": " 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2591, "quote_prefix": "February 1861; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 3:522, 535-38; 4:190, 240. Also see Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 132\u201435. 23. Henry Louis Stephens, in Vanity Fair, 7 July 1860, reprinted in Rufus Rockwell Wilson, Lincoln in Caricature (Elmira, N.Y., 1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"<em>Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln", "quote_start_pos": 35425, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2841, "quote_prefix": "1945), 13; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln", "pages": [13, 13]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, </em>\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston,", "quote_start_pos": 35849, "quote_exact": " 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2858, "quote_prefix": "and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 242. 24. Sir John Tenniel, in Punch, 3 December 1864, reprinted in Blaisdell, American Presidency., 101; Abraham Lincoln, annual message to Congress, 8 December 1863; \"First Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1861; annual message to Congress, 1 December 1862; in Easier, Abraham Lincoln 7:53, 4:271, 5:527\u2014 28; see also Edward Charles Wagenknecht, The Films of D. W. Griffith (New York, 1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston,", "pages": [13, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"<em>Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919;", "quote_start_pos": 35866, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 147, "quote_prefix": "1975), 59\u201461; Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919;", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, </em>\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols.", "quote_start_pos": 35970, "quote_exact": " 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 164, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln Reconsidered, 5; Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. Griffith's words quoted in the text are echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols.", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"<em>Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924),", "quote_start_pos": 35987, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 268, "quote_prefix": "echoed in the book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924),", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, </em>\"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max", "quote_start_pos": 36281, "quote_exact": " 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wil- son, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, ", "quoted_text": "186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wil- son, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 285, "quote_prefix": "book on Lincoln that Nixon read in his final days. See D. Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish (New York, 1973), 5\u20146. 25. Wagenknecht, D. W. Griffith, 60. Griffith uses Woodrow Wilson, The 314 Notes to Pages 90-94 History of the American People, 5 vols. (New York, 1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"<em>Quest for Immortality,</em>\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow", "quote_start_pos": 36306, "quote_exact": "Quest for Immortal- ity,", "quoted_text": "Quest for Immortal- ity,", "quote_start_page_pos": 579, "quote_prefix": "1908); and see chapter 7 and below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"<em> 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; </em>\"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional", "quote_start_pos": 36368, "quote_exact": " 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; ", "quoted_text": "227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919;", "quote_start_page_pos": 604, "quote_prefix": "below, nn. 33 and 34. 26. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"<em>Thanksgiving Proclamation,</em>\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the", "quote_start_pos": 36397, "quote_exact": "Thanks- giving Proclamation,", "quoted_text": "Thanks- giving Proclamation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 666, "quote_prefix": "192, 197. 27. Marquis de Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\"<em> 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, </em>\"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional", "quote_start_pos": 36524, "quote_exact": " 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Wood- row Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Wood- row Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 695, "quote_prefix": "Chambrun, Impressions of Lincoln and the Civil War, quoted in Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 186. 28. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"<em>The Ideals of America,</em>\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57,", "quote_start_pos": 36547, "quote_exact": "The Ideals of America,", "quoted_text": "The Ideals of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 822, "quote_prefix": "395. Fawn Brodic told me that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57,", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"<em> Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, </em>\"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address", "quote_start_pos": 36620, "quote_exact": " Atlantic Monthly, Decem- ber 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "Atlantic Monthly, Decem- ber 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 845, "quote_prefix": "that the desk Nixon thought was Woodrow Wilson's in fact belonged to Vice President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"<em>Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,</em>\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation", "quote_start_pos": 36688, "quote_exact": "Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,", "quoted_text": "Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 918, "quote_prefix": "President Henry Wilson, the antislavery politician. Grant's vice president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\"<em> Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, </em>\"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state.", "quote_start_pos": 36739, "quote_exact": " Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 986, "quote_prefix": "president, Wilson, died in office in 1875. 29. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state.", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"<em>The Ideals of America,</em>\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's", "quote_start_pos": 36762, "quote_exact": "The Ideals of America,", "quoted_text": "The Ideals of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1037, "quote_prefix": "Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"<em> 728-31; Rogin, </em>\"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New", "quote_start_pos": 36779, "quote_exact": " 728-31; Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "728-31; Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1060, "quote_prefix": "30-31, 386; Anderson, \"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"<em>Max Weber,</em>\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked", "quote_start_pos": 36792, "quote_exact": "Max We- ber,", "quoted_text": "Max We- ber,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1077, "quote_prefix": "\"Quest for Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\"<em> 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, </em>\"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized", "quote_start_pos": 36819, "quote_exact": " 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "567. 32. Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1090, "quote_prefix": "Immortality,\" 227\u201430; Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Ideals of America,\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"<em>The Ideals of America,</em>\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On", "quote_start_pos": 36842, "quote_exact": "The Ideals of America,", "quoted_text": "The Ideals of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1117, "quote_prefix": "Woodrow Wilson, speech at Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"<em> 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On the other hand, in distinguishing large corporations from trusts, Wilson showed a sympathy with technological organization that bridged the apparent gap between his nineteenth-century </em>\"man on the make\" and the twentieth-century corporate giant. Wilson's commitment both to economic decentralization and to a state-directed, corporate economy pulled him in opposing directions. He rose above the contradictions in his political economy into political messianism. 34. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; reprint, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37.", "quote_start_pos": 37533, "quote_exact": " 732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On the other hand, in distinguish- ing large corporations from trusts, Wilson showed a sympathy with technolog- ical organization that bridged the apparent gap between his nineteenth-century ", "quoted_text": "732-34; Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States (New York, 1908), 54, 59, 77. See also his Congressional Government (Boston, 1885). 33. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On the other hand, in distinguish- ing large corporations from trusts, Wilson showed a sympathy with technolog- ical organization that bridged the apparent gap between his nineteenth-century", "quote_start_page_pos": 1140, "quote_prefix": "Boston, 24 February 1919; \"Thanksgiving Proclamation,\" 7 November 1917, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 1:433, 2:645. 30. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-23, 726; see Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 566. 31. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" 728-31; Rogin, \"Max Weber,\" 567. 32. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"man on the make\" and the twentieth-century corporate giant. Wilson's commitment both to economic decentralization and to a state-directed, corporate economy pulled him in opposing directions. He rose above the contradictions in his political economy into political messianism. 34. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; reprint, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37.", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On the other hand, in distinguishing large corporations from trusts, Wilson showed a sympathy with technological organization that bridged the apparent gap between his nineteenth-century \"<em>man on the make</em>\" and the twentieth-century corporate giant. Wilson's commitment both to economic decentralization and to a state-directed, corporate economy pulled him in opposing directions. He rose above the contradictions in his political economy into political messianism. 34. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; reprint, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_pos": 37549, "quote_exact": "man on the make", "quoted_text": "man on the make", "quote_start_page_pos": 1831, "quote_prefix": "Government, 54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On the other hand, in distinguishing large corporations from trusts, Wilson showed a sympathy with technological organization that bridged the apparent gap between his nineteenth-century \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and the twentieth-century corporate giant. Wilson's commitment both to economic decentralization and to a state-directed, corporate economy pulled him in opposing directions. He rose above the contradictions in his political economy into political messianism. 34. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; reprint, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson,", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On the other hand, in distinguishing large corporations from trusts, Wilson showed a sympathy with technological organization that bridged the apparent gap between his nineteenth-century \"man on the make\"<em> and the twentieth-century corporate giant. Wilson's commitment both to economic decentralization and to a state-directed, corporate economy pulled him in opposing directions. He rose above the contradictions in his political economy into political messianism. 34. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; reprint, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, Messages and Papers 1:320. 38. Ibid. 1:321-22. 39. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 69; Messages and Papers 1:322. 40. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 4 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114\u201417; 2:846-47, 850, 853. 41. Woodrow Wilson, </em>\"The Ideals of America,\" 724, 728-30. Notes to Pages 94-100 315 42. Woodrow Wilson, address at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; response to King George V at Buckingham Palace, 27 December 1918; in Messages and Papers 2:823, 855, 581. 43. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; in Messages and Papers", "quote_start_pos": 38396, "quote_exact": " and the twentieth-century corporate giant. Wilson's com- mitment both to economic decentralization and to a state-directed, corporate economy pulled him in opposing directions. He rose above the contradictions in his political economy into political messianism. 34. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; reprint, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, Messages and Papers 1:320. 38. Ibid. 1:321-22. 39. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 69; Messages and Pa- pers 1:322. 40. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 4 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114\u201417; 2:846-47, 850, 853. 41. Woodrow Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "and the twentieth-century corporate giant. Wilson's com- mitment both to economic decentralization and to a state-directed, corporate economy pulled him in opposing directions. He rose above the contradictions in his political economy into political messianism. 34. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; reprint, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, Messages and Papers 1:320. 38. Ibid. 1:321-22. 39. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 69; Messages and Pa- pers 1:322. 40. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 4 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114\u201417; 2:846-47, 850, 853. 41. Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1847, "quote_prefix": "54-57, 60, 65, 68-69. A fuller account of Wilson's thought would have to address the relationship between his political economy and his infatuation with presidential leadership in an organic state. On the one hand, Wilson's economic New Freedom looked backward to a decentralized economic order. On the other hand, in distinguishing large corporations from trusts, Wilson showed a sympathy with technological organization that bridged the apparent gap between his nineteenth-century \"man on the make\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Ideals of America,\" 724, 728-30. Notes to Pages 94-100 315 42. Woodrow Wilson, address at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; response to King George V at Buckingham Palace, 27 December 1918; in Messages and Papers 2:823, 855, 581. 43. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; in Messages and Papers", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, Messages and Papers 1:320. 38. Ibid. 1:321-22. 39. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 69; Messages and Papers 1:322. 40. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 4 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114\u201417; 2:846-47, 850, 853. 41. Woodrow Wilson, \"<em>The Ideals of America,</em>\" 724, 728-30. Notes to Pages 94-100 315 42. Woodrow Wilson, address at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; response to King George V at Buckingham Palace, 27 December 1918; in Messages and Papers 2:823, 855, 581. 43. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114, 2:118, 638-39, 1113,", "quote_start_pos": 38419, "quote_exact": "The Ideals of America,", "quoted_text": "The Ideals of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2694, "quote_prefix": "49-53. 35. Ibid., 30-31. 36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, Messages and Papers 1:320. 38. Ibid. 1:321-22. 39. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 69; Messages and Papers 1:322. 40. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 4 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114\u201417; 2:846-47, 850, 853. 41. Woodrow Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 724, 728-30. Notes to Pages 94-100 315 42. Woodrow Wilson, address at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; response to King George V at Buckingham Palace, 27 December 1918; in Messages and Papers 2:823, 855, 581. 43. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114, 2:118, 638-39, 1113,", "pages": [14, 14]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, Messages and Papers 1:320. 38. Ibid. 1:321-22. 39. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 69; Messages and Papers 1:322. 40. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 4 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114\u201417; 2:846-47, 850, 853. 41. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"<em> 724, 728-30. Notes to Pages 94-100 315 42. Woodrow Wilson, address at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; response to King George V at Buckingham Palace, 27 December 1918; in Messages and Papers 2:823, 855, 581. 43. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114, 2:118, 638-39, 1113, 1124, 855-56. See George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 117-18, 320-22. 44. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, in Messages and Papers 1:322. 45. Woodrow Wilson, address at Gettysburg, 4 July 1913, in Messages and Papers 1:15-17. 46. Woodrow Wilson, address at Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 4 July 1914; address at Gettysburg, 4 July 1913; message to the National Army, 3 September 1917; in Messages and Papers 1:79, 14, 426; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 430; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1127. 47. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; speech at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1127, 825; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, </em>\"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of", "quote_start_pos": 39919, "quote_exact": " 724, 728-30. Notes to Pages 94-100 315 42. Woodrow Wilson, address at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; ad- dress at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; response to King George V at Buckingham Palace, 27 December 1918; in Messages and Papers 2:823, 855, 581. 43. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; ad- dress at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114, 2:118, 638-39, 1113, 1124, 855-56. See George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 117-18, 320-22. 44. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, in Messages and Papers 1:322. 45. Woodrow Wilson, address at Gettysburg, 4 July 1913, in Messages and Papers 1:15-17. 46. Woodrow Wilson, address at Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 4 July 1914; address at Gettysburg, 4 July 1913; message to the National Army, 3 September 1917; in Messages and Papers 1:79, 14, 426; Wills, Nixon Ago- nistes, 430; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1127. 47. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; speech at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1127, 825; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; ad- dress at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, ", "quoted_text": "724, 728-30. Notes to Pages 94-100 315 42. Woodrow Wilson, address at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; ad- dress at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; response to King George V at Buckingham Palace, 27 December 1918; in Messages and Papers 2:823, 855, 581. 43. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; ad- dress at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114, 2:118, 638-39, 1113, 1124, 855-56. See George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 117-18, 320-22. 44. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, in Messages and Papers 1:322. 45. Woodrow Wilson, address at Gettysburg, 4 July 1913, in Messages and Papers 1:15-17. 46. Woodrow Wilson, address at Independence Hall, Philadelphia, 4 July 1914; address at Gettysburg, 4 July 1913; message to the National Army, 3 September 1917; in Messages and Papers 1:79, 14, 426; Wills, Nixon Ago- nistes, 430; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1127. 47. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; speech at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1127, 825; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; ad- dress at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2717, "quote_prefix": "36. Ibid., 30\u201433; Alexander George and Juliette George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House (New York, 1959), 21. 37. Woodrow Wilson, address on Lincoln, 4 September 1916, Messages and Papers 1:320. 38. Ibid. 1:321-22. 39. Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government, 69; Messages and Papers 1:322. 40. Woodrow Wilson, address at Philadelphia, 10 May 1915; address at Saint Paul, Minn., 4 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 1:114\u201417; 2:846-47, 850, 853. 41. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of", "pages": [14, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1127. 47. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; speech at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1127, 825; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"<em>Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,</em>\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52.", "quote_start_pos": 40005, "quote_exact": "Cultural His- tory Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,", "quoted_text": "Cultural His- tory Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1486, "quote_prefix": "Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1127. 47. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; speech at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1127, 825; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52.", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "2:1127. 47. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; speech at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1127, 825; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\"<em> American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, </em>\"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53.", "quote_start_pos": 40207, "quote_exact": " Amer- ican Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, ", "quoted_text": "Amer- ican Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1572, "quote_prefix": "2:1127. 47. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; speech at Sioux Falls, S.D., 8 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1127, 825; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53.", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"<em>Cultural History,</em>\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George,", "quote_start_pos": 40225, "quote_exact": "Cultural History,", "quoted_text": "Cultural History,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1774, "quote_prefix": "House, 292\u201493. 48. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George,", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\"<em> 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, </em>\"Cultural History,\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_pos": 40517, "quote_exact": " 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, ", "quoted_text": "347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1792, "quote_prefix": "Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; address at Boston, 24 February 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:1128, 642\u201443. 49. See Woodrow Wilson, History 5:58-64; Everett Carter, \"Cultural History Written with Lightning: The Significance of The Birth of a Nation,\" American Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Cultural History,\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson,", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"<em>Cultural History,</em>\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom,", "quote_start_pos": 40535, "quote_exact": "Cultural History,", "quoted_text": "Cultural History,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2084, "quote_prefix": "Quarterly 12 (Fall 1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom,", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"Cultural History,\"<em> 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, </em>\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald,", "quote_start_pos": 41184, "quote_exact": " 347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Bos- ton, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, ", "quoted_text": "347; Paul O'Dell, Griffith and the Rise of Hollywood (New York, 1970), 35; Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919, in Messages and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Bos- ton, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2102, "quote_prefix": "1960): 347; and chapter 7. 50. Woodrow Wilson, Division and Reunion (New York, 1893), 294, and Constitutional Government, 49. 51. Wagenknecht, D.W. Griffith, 59; Carter, \"Cultural History,\" 347; Woodrow Wilson, address at Saint Paul, Minn., 9 September 1919; address at Pueblo, Colo., 25 September 1919; in Messages and Papers 2:846, 1114; Woodrow Wilson, History 5:212\u201413. Birth of a Nation was based on The Clansman, a racist novel by Thomas Dixon (New York, 1905). 52. Carter, \"Cultural History,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald,", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"<em>Lincoln's Abraham,</em>\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered,", "quote_start_pos": 41203, "quote_exact": "Lincoln's Abraham,", "quoted_text": "Lincoln's Abraham,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2751, "quote_prefix": "and Papers 2:1130. 53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered,", "pages": [15, 15]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"<em> 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, </em>\"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell,", "quote_start_pos": 41511, "quote_exact": " 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 78- 79. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, ", "quoted_text": "21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 78- 79. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2770, "quote_prefix": "53. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 21, 230, 292-94. 54. John Morton Blum, Woodrow Wilson and the Politics of Morality (Boston, 1956), 3\u20144; George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, vi; Sigmund Freud and William C. Bullitt, Thomas Woodrow Wilson (Boston, 1967), 289. 55. Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell,", "pages": [15, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"<em>The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,</em>\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist,", "quote_start_pos": 41555, "quote_exact": "The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,", "quoted_text": "The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 303, "quote_prefix": "Woodrow Wilson, New Freedom, 161-62. 56. Ibid., 162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist,", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\"<em> Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, </em>\"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas,", "quote_start_pos": 41751, "quote_exact": " Transaction 9 (November\u2014Decem- ber 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, ", "quoted_text": "Transaction 9 (November\u2014Decem- ber 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus,", "quote_start_page_pos": 347, "quote_prefix": "162-63. 57. Ibid., 163-64. 58. George and George, Woodrow Wilson and Colonel House, 314\u201415; Blum, Woodrow Wilson, 3; Jacobson, \"Lincoln's Abraham,\" 21. 316 Notes to Pages 100-105 59. Quoted in David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas,", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"<em>Lincoln and Nixon,</em>\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630.", "quote_start_pos": 41770, "quote_exact": "Lincoln and Nixon,", "quoted_text": "Lincoln and Nixon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 543, "quote_prefix": "David Abrahamsen, Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630.", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\"<em> 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, </em>\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630. 70. Norman Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? (New York, 1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic", "quote_start_pos": 42176, "quote_exact": " 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehn- quist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehn- quist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 562, "quote_prefix": "Nixon vs. Nixon (New York, 1977), 7879. 60. Richard Nixon, RN: The Memoirs of Richard Nixon (New York, 1978), 9; Lukas, Nightmare, 556. 61. Quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172. 62. Nixon quoted in ibid., 214; in Michael Rogin and John Lottier, \"The Inner History of Richard Milhous Nixon,\" Transaction 9 (November\u2014December 1971): 24; and in Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 393. 63. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 30-31. 64. Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Abraham Lincoln,\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630. 70. Norman Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? (New York, 1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"<em>Abraham Lincoln,</em>\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630. 70. Norman Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? (New York, 1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation", "quote_start_pos": 42193, "quote_exact": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quoted_text": "Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 968, "quote_prefix": "Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630. 70. Norman Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? (New York, 1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"<em> 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630. 70. Norman Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? (New York, 1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, </em>\"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976),", "quote_start_pos": 42828, "quote_exact": " 197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630. 70. Norman Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? (New York, 1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifix- ion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, ", "quoted_text": "197. 69. Nixon quoted in Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, and in Lukas, Nightmare, 630. 70. Norman Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? (New York, 1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifix- ion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier,", "quote_start_page_pos": 985, "quote_prefix": "Reconsidered, 64. 65. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 185-86; Marcus, \"Lincoln and Nixon,\" 21. 66. Daniel Ellsberg, Papers on the War (New York, 1972), 41; Norman Mailer, Armies of the Night (New York, 1968), 210-12, 239. 67. Nixon promised a second American revolution in his 1971 State of the Union address. He is quoted in Blaisdell, American Presidency, 252. On Rehnquist, see Pat Walters and Stephen Cillers, eds., Investigating the FBI (Garden City, N.Y., 1973), 445. 68. Edmund Wilson, \"Abraham Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976),", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"<em>Inner History.</em>\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard", "quote_start_pos": 42843, "quote_exact": "Inner History.", "quoted_text": "Inner History.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1620, "quote_prefix": "1967), 23-25. 71. See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\"<em> 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, </em>\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank", "quote_start_pos": 42873, "quote_exact": " 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, ", "quoted_text": "72. See Alan B. Rothenberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1635, "quote_prefix": "See the panels of hell in the Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"<em>Why Nixon Taped Himself,</em>\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversa-", "quote_start_pos": 42898, "quote_exact": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quoted_text": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1665, "quote_prefix": "Jan and Hubert van Eyck diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversa-", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"<em> Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, </em>\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversation of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32;", "quote_start_pos": 43126, "quote_exact": " Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, ", "quoted_text": "Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1690, "quote_prefix": "diptych, Crucifixion and Last judgment, Metropolitan Museum, New York, (Fig. 3.8), and in the Hieronymus Bosch triptych, Garden of Earthly Delights, Prado, Madrid. The Luther quotes are from Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversation of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32;", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"<em>Why Nixon Taped Himself,</em>\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversation of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32; Woodward and Bernstein,", "quote_start_pos": 43151, "quote_exact": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quoted_text": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1918, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1959), 211, 226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversation of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32; Woodward and Bernstein,", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"<em> 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversation of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 168. 74. Richard Nixon, </em>\"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 690. I am indebted to Nancy Shinabarger for calling my attention to this passage. See Richard Nixon to John Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486.", "quote_start_pos": 43690, "quote_exact": " 205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversa- tion of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 168. 74. Richard Nixon, ", "quoted_text": "205); 8 April 1973, 13 March 1973, and 19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversa- tion of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 168. 74. Richard Nixon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1943, "quote_prefix": "226. Cf. 202-33. For a psychoanalytic interpretation of Nixon's personality in terms of secrecy and anality, written well before the Watergate exposures, see Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History.\" 72. See Alan B. Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" Psychoanalytic Review 62 (Summer 1975): 202-23. The phrases quoted in the text come, in order, from the tapes of 15 September 1972 (quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 333); 17 March 1973 and 17 March 1973 (both quoted in Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 690. I am indebted to Nancy Shinabarger for calling my attention to this passage. See Richard Nixon to John Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486.", "pages": [16, 16]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversation of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 168. 74. Richard Nixon, \"<em>Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 690. I am indebted to Nancy Shinabarger for calling my attention to this passage. See Richard Nixon to John Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, </em>\"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11.", "quote_start_pos": 44425, "quote_exact": "Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 690. I am indebted to Nancy Shinabarger for calling my attention to this passage. See Richard Nixon to John Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hell- man, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, ", "quoted_text": "Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff, in Congressional Quarterly, Historic Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 690. I am indebted to Nancy Shinabarger for calling my attention to this passage. See Richard Nixon to John Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hell- man, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2482, "quote_prefix": "19 March 1973 (all quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 416, 394, 397); and from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, The Final Days (New York, 1976), 369. 73. Richard Nixon to John Wilson and Frank Strickler, recorded conversation of 19 April 1973, quoted in Paul Conrad, The King and Us (Los Angeles, 1974), 190; Richard Nixon to H. R. Haldeman, recorded conversation of 25 April 1973, in Lukas, Nightmare, 515-16; Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 32; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 168. 74. Richard Nixon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11.", "pages": [16, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to John Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"<em>Inner History,</em>\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and", "quote_start_pos": 44440, "quote_exact": "Inner History,", "quoted_text": "Inner History,", "quote_start_page_pos": 369, "quote_prefix": "to John Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\"<em> 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, </em>\"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977,", "quote_start_pos": 44529, "quote_exact": " 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, ", "quoted_text": "24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills,", "quote_start_page_pos": 384, "quote_prefix": "Ehrlichman, recorded conversation of 14 April 1973, quoted in Conrad, King and Us, 86. 75. Lukas, Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"<em>The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,</em>\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33;", "quote_start_pos": 44571, "quote_exact": "The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,", "quoted_text": "The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,", "quote_start_page_pos": 473, "quote_prefix": "Nightmare, 502, 507, 510. Notes to Pages 105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33;", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\"<em> New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; </em>\"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon,", "quote_start_pos": 44632, "quote_exact": " New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; ", "quoted_text": "New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89;", "quote_start_page_pos": 515, "quote_prefix": "105-12 317 76. Mailer, Why Are We in Vietnam? 25; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"<em>Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,</em>\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare,", "quote_start_pos": 44661, "quote_exact": "Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,", "quoted_text": "Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,", "quote_start_page_pos": 576, "quote_prefix": "and Bernstein, Final Days, 25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\"<em> San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, </em>\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded", "quote_start_pos": 44744, "quote_exact": " San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, ", "quoted_text": "San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 605, "quote_prefix": "25-27; Lukas, Nightmare, 609, 486. 77. Lukas, Nightmare, 514. 78. Ibid., 624, 737-39; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"<em>Why Nixon Taped Himself,</em>\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March", "quote_start_pos": 44769, "quote_exact": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quoted_text": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quote_start_page_pos": 688, "quote_prefix": "Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"<em> 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, </em>\"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare,", "quote_start_pos": 44802, "quote_exact": " 219- 20. See Conrad's cartoon, ", "quoted_text": "219- 20. See Conrad's cartoon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 713, "quote_prefix": "Final Days, 124-32. 79. Richard Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"<em>The Pumpkin Tapes,</em>\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare,", "quote_start_pos": 44821, "quote_exact": "The Pumpkin Tapes,", "quoted_text": "The Pumpkin Tapes,", "quote_start_page_pos": 746, "quote_prefix": "Nixon, Six Crises (New York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\"<em> King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, </em>\"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final", "quote_start_pos": 44952, "quote_exact": " King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, ", "quoted_text": "King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier,", "quote_start_page_pos": 765, "quote_prefix": "York, 1962), 36-37, 70; Lillian Hellman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1977), 80-81; Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 24-25; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"<em>Inner History,</em>\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87.", "quote_start_pos": 44967, "quote_exact": "Inner History,", "quoted_text": "Inner History,", "quote_start_page_pos": 896, "quote_prefix": "Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87.", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\"<em> 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. </em>\"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on", "quote_start_pos": 45337, "quote_exact": " 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. ", "quoted_text": "21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459.", "quote_start_page_pos": 911, "quote_prefix": "Agonistes, 93-114, 155-56. 80. Nixon, Six Crises, 35; Garry Wills, \"The Hiss Connection Through Nixon's Life,\" New York Times Magazine, 25 August 1974, pp. 76-77, 87-89; \"Nixon Relives the Hiss Case,\" San Francisco Chronicle, 3 May 1974, p. 5; Lukas, Nightmare, 391-92; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 21920. See Conrad's cartoon, \"The Pumpkin Tapes,\" King and Us, 61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"<em>Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,</em>\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives", "quote_start_pos": 45380, "quote_exact": "Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,", "quoted_text": "Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1281, "quote_prefix": "61. 81. Frost, NYT, 20 May 1977, p. 16. 82. San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\"<em> a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, </em>\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685.", "quote_start_pos": 45580, "quote_exact": " a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, ", "quoted_text": "a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1324, "quote_prefix": "San Francisco Examiner, 4 September 1977, p. 11. 83. Rogin and Lottier, \"Inner History,\" 21\u201422; Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 373-74; Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 84. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33; Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685.", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"<em>Why Nixon Taped Himself,</em>\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730;", "quote_start_pos": 45605, "quote_exact": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quoted_text": "Why Nixon Taped Himself,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1524, "quote_prefix": "Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730;", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"<em> 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, </em>\"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen,", "quote_start_pos": 46144, "quote_exact": " 210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Com- mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Wash- ington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, ", "quoted_text": "210; cf. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Com- mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Wash- ington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1549, "quote_prefix": "Days, 166; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 173, 220; Lukas, Nightmare, 581. 85. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, pp. 32, 33; Richard Nixon to John Mitchell, recorded conversation, 22 March 1973, quoted in Lukas, Nightmare, 408. 86. Lukas, Nightmare, 459. \"Your parents have the strength of Lincoln,\" a Nixon speechwriter told Julie Nixon. See Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 304. 87. Frost, NY7; 5 May 1977, p. 33. 88. New York Times, 15 November 1973, p. 1; Lukas, Nightmare, 392; Rothenberg, \"Why Nixon Taped Himself,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"<em>Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,</em>\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs,", "quote_start_pos": 46207, "quote_exact": "Re- marks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,", "quoted_text": "Re- marks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2088, "quote_prefix": "394-95. 89. Lukas, Nightmare, 474-84. 90. Ibid., 452; Richard Nixon to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\"<em> 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, </em>\"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen,", "quote_start_pos": 46319, "quote_exact": " 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, ", "quoted_text": "691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2151, "quote_prefix": "to Henry Petersen, recorded conversation of 27 April 1973, Submission of Recorded Presidential Conversations to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen,", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"<em>Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,</em>\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the understanding", "quote_start_pos": 46380, "quote_exact": "Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,", "quoted_text": "Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2263, "quote_prefix": "the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the understanding", "pages": [17, 17]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\"<em> 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the understanding of Nixon as a bad actor, I am indebted to a good actor, Michael Lerner. 100. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 101. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, </em>\"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"Trends in American Political Science,\" American Political Science Review 67 (September", "quote_start_pos": 47080, "quote_exact": " 691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Pho- tographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the under- standing of Nixon as a bad actor, I am indebted to a good actor, Michael Lerner. 100. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 101. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, ", "quoted_text": "691-92. 94. Woodward and Bernstein, Final Days, 214. 95. Conrad, King and Us, 215; William Shakespeare, Richard II, act 4, scene 1, act 5, scene 5. See also Kantorowicz, Two Bodies, 24\u201441. 96. Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Pho- tographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the under- standing of Nixon as a bad actor, I am indebted to a good actor, Michael Lerner. 100. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 101. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2324, "quote_prefix": "Representatives by President Richard Nixon, NY. Times, ed. (New York, 1974), 783; President Nixon's resignation speech, 8 August 1974, Congressional Quarterly, Historical Documents (Washington, D.C., 1974), 685. 91. Lukas, Nightmare, 730; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 244-45; Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\" 691. 92. Blaisdell, American Presidency, 102; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 279. 93. Nixon, \"Remarks to Members of the Cabinet and the White House Staff,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"Trends in American Political Science,\" American Political Science Review 67 (September", "pages": [17, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the understanding of Nixon as a bad actor, I am indebted to a good actor, Michael Lerner. 100. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 101. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"<em>Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,</em>\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"Trends in American Political Science,\" American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 47149, "quote_exact": "Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Kill- ing of the King, 1776,", "quoted_text": "Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Kill- ing of the King, 1776,", "quote_start_page_pos": 362, "quote_prefix": "NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40; Conrad, King and Us, 75. 97. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the understanding of Nixon as a bad actor, I am indebted to a good actor, Michael Lerner. 100. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 101. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"Trends in American Political Science,\" American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York,", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the understanding of Nixon as a bad actor, I am indebted to a good actor, Michael Lerner. 100. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 101. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\"<em> Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, </em>\"Trends in American Political Science,\" American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete", "quote_start_pos": 47499, "quote_exact": " Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abra- hamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, ", "quoted_text": "Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abra- hamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus,", "quote_start_page_pos": 431, "quote_prefix": "Nixon, 215; Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 70, 230. 318 Notes to Pages 112-19 98. Hamilton and Ostendorf, Lincoln in Photographs, 229-371. 99. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 172; Lukas, Nightmare, 634-35. For the understanding of Nixon as a bad actor, I am indebted to a good actor, Michael Lerner. 100. Frost, NYT, 5 May 1977, p. 33. 101. Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Trends in American Political Science,\" American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"<em>Trends in American Political Science,</em>\" American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest", "quote_start_pos": 47539, "quote_exact": "Trends in American Political Sci- ence,", "quoted_text": "Trends in American Political Sci- ence,", "quote_start_page_pos": 781, "quote_prefix": "Abrahamsen, Nixon, 67. 102. Lukas, Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"Trends in American Political Science,\"<em> American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains </em>\"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols.", "quote_start_pos": 48097, "quote_exact": " American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains ", "quoted_text": "American Political Science Review 67 (September 1963): 944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains", "quote_start_page_pos": 821, "quote_prefix": "Nightmare, 752-53. 103. See Winthrop D. Jordan, \"Familial Politics: Thomas Paine and the Killing of the King, 1776,\" Journal of American History 60 (September 1973): 294-308. 104. Lukas, Nightmare, 754. 105. Conrad, King and Us, 181; Nixon, RN, 80. 106. Wills, Nixon Agonistes, 28; Lukas, Nightmare, 206, 479, 481; Abrahamsen, Nixon, 245-48; Frost, NYT, 26 May 1977, p. 40. CHAPTER IV. NONPARTISANSHIP AND THE GROUP INTEREST 1. Albert Somit and Joseph Tanenhaus, \"Trends in American Political Science,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols.", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"<em>group</em>\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New", "quote_start_pos": 48103, "quote_exact": "group", "quoted_text": "group", "quote_start_page_pos": 1379, "quote_prefix": "944. 2. David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"", "quote_suffix": "\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\"<em> actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were </em>\"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant", "quote_start_pos": 48182, "quote_exact": " actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were ", "quoted_text": "actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were", "quote_start_page_pos": 1385, "quote_prefix": "David Truman, The Governmental Process (New York, 1951). 3. Robert Michels, Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"<em>Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it</em>\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael", "quote_start_pos": 48257, "quote_exact": "Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it", "quoted_text": "Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it", "quote_start_page_pos": 1464, "quote_prefix": "Political Parties (New York, 1915). 4. Arthur F. Bentley, The Process of Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\"<em> (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, </em>\"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The", "quote_start_pos": 48420, "quote_exact": " (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, ", "quoted_text": "(Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1539, "quote_prefix": "Government (Evanston, 111., 1935), 222. 5. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 6. Ibid., 31, 35, 37, 213, 227, passim. It is one thing to speak of acting groups as analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"<em>the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race</em>\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does", "quote_start_pos": 48572, "quote_exact": "the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race", "quoted_text": "the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race", "quote_start_page_pos": 1702, "quote_prefix": "analytic categories, as Bentley did. It is quite another to refer to the actions of concrete collectivities like real interest groups. One may create an abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\"<em> (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, </em>\"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected", "quote_start_pos": 48772, "quote_exact": " (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "(Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1854, "quote_prefix": "abstract model that contains \"group\" actors. In the real world only individuals act. 7. Bentley's real words were \"Society itself is nothing other than the complex of groups that compose it\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"<em>Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,</em>\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion", "quote_start_pos": 48840, "quote_exact": "Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,", "quoted_text": "Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2054, "quote_prefix": "Process of Government, 222). 8. Ibid., 154. 9. Truman's group fetishism is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\"<em> Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that </em>\"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but", "quote_start_pos": 49098, "quote_exact": " Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that ", "quoted_text": "Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that", "quote_start_page_pos": 2122, "quote_prefix": "is analogous to the fetishism of commodities described by Marx. In both cases, \"the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relations both with one another and the human race\" (Karl Marx, Capital, 3 vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but", "pages": [18, 18]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"<em>the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives</em>\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development", "quote_start_pos": 49290, "quote_exact": "the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives", "quoted_text": "the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives", "quote_start_page_pos": 2380, "quote_prefix": "vols. [New York, 1906], 1:83). 10. Truman, Governmental Process, 33\u201434. 11. Cf. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 51\u2014154; Michael Rogin, \"Voluntarism: The Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development", "pages": [18, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\"<em> (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate </em>\"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he", "quote_start_pos": 49504, "quote_exact": " (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of inter- est. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why follow- ers sometimes tolerate ", "quoted_text": "(ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of inter- est. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why follow- ers sometimes tolerate", "quote_start_page_pos": 80, "quote_prefix": "Political Functions of an Anti-Political Doctrine,\" Industrial and Labor Relations Review 15 (July 1962): 525-30; Oliver Garceau, The Political Life of the AMA (Hamden, Conn, 1961), 83-103. 12. Truman, Governmental Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\"", "quote_suffix": "\"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"<em>mediocre</em>\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges", "quote_start_pos": 49513, "quote_exact": "mediocre", "quoted_text": "mediocre", "quote_start_page_pos": 294, "quote_prefix": "Process, 112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"", "quote_suffix": "\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\"<em> leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. </em>\"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman,", "quote_start_pos": 49711, "quote_exact": " leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. ", "quoted_text": "leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos.", "quote_start_page_pos": 303, "quote_prefix": "112. 13. Ibid, 156-59, 164. 14. Ibid, 193. 15. Only once does Truman recognize that \"the well-situated minority [may] take action that does not conform to the decisions or preferences expressed by Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"<em>Now this social will appears in many forms,</em>\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell,", "quote_start_pos": 49755, "quote_exact": "Now this social will appears in many forms,", "quoted_text": "Now this social will appears in many forms,", "quote_start_page_pos": 501, "quote_prefix": "Notes to Pages 119-22 319 the rank and file or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\"<em> he writes. </em>\"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power,", "quote_start_pos": 49768, "quote_exact": " he writes. ", "quoted_text": "he writes.", "quote_start_page_pos": 545, "quote_prefix": "or by their elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"<em>As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .</em>\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted", "quote_start_pos": 49941, "quote_exact": "As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .", "quoted_text": "As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .", "quote_start_page_pos": 558, "quote_prefix": "elected representatives\" (ibid., 111). But this does not lead to any discussion of bases for leadership-membership conflict of interest. Instead, when Truman returns to this problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\"<em> Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges </em>\"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left", "quote_start_pos": 50016, "quote_exact": " Then, addressing himself to pro- ponents of a social will, he challenges ", "quoted_text": "Then, addressing himself to pro- ponents of a social will, he challenges", "quote_start_page_pos": 731, "quote_prefix": "problem (p. 194), he asks why followers sometimes tolerate \"mediocre\" leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\"", "quote_suffix": "\"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"<em>anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously</em>\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A", "quote_start_pos": 50156, "quote_exact": "anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously", "quoted_text": "anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously", "quote_start_page_pos": 806, "quote_prefix": "leaders. The members' problem, as Truman writes of it, is never what leaders want, but leaders' incompetence in getting what members want. 16. Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\"<em> (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, </em>\"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works,", "quote_start_pos": 50289, "quote_exact": " (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "(Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 946, "quote_prefix": "Ibid, 210. 17. Some comments by Bentley are apropos. \"Now this social will appears in many forms,\" he writes. \"As a curious development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"<em>Voluntarism.</em>\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris,", "quote_start_pos": 50302, "quote_exact": "Voluntarism.", "quoted_text": "Voluntarism.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1079, "quote_prefix": "development of it we have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\"<em> 20. David B. Truman, </em>\"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the", "quote_start_pos": 50325, "quote_exact": " 20. David B. Truman, ", "quoted_text": "20. David B. Truman,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1092, "quote_prefix": "have a Novicow, who, needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"<em>The Politics of New Collectivism</em>\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413,", "quote_start_pos": 50358, "quote_exact": "The Politics of New Collectivism", "quoted_text": "The Politics of New Collectivism", "quote_start_page_pos": 1115, "quote_prefix": "needing an 'organ' to carry the will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\"<em> (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, </em>\"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim;", "quote_start_pos": 50460, "quote_exact": " (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, ", "quoted_text": "(Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1148, "quote_prefix": "will\u2014for how absurd to have a function without an organ\u2014places it in the elite. . . .\" Then, addressing himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim;", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"<em>The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,</em>\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in", "quote_start_pos": 50495, "quote_exact": "The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,", "quoted_text": "The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1250, "quote_prefix": "himself to proponents of a social will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\"<em> Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, </em>\"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism", "quote_start_pos": 50568, "quote_exact": " Studies on the Left 5 (Sum- mer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, ", "quoted_text": "Studies on the Left 5 (Sum- mer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1285, "quote_prefix": "will, he challenges \"anybody who believes in its substantial participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"<em>Elite Consensus and Democracy,</em>\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 50599, "quote_exact": "Elite Consensus and Democracy,", "quoted_text": "Elite Consensus and Democracy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1358, "quote_prefix": "participation in social life to locate it somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\"<em> journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, </em>\"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor", "quote_start_pos": 50656, "quote_exact": " journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, ", "quoted_text": "journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1389, "quote_prefix": "somewhere\u2014not humourously, as in the elite, but seriously\" (Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"<em>A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,</em>\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\"", "quote_start_pos": 50703, "quote_exact": "A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,", "quoted_text": "A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1446, "quote_prefix": "(Bentley, Process of Government, 155, 158). 18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\"", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\"<em> American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, </em>\"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor", "quote_start_pos": 51194, "quote_exact": " American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 350- 75; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 350- 75; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1493, "quote_prefix": "18. Truman, Governmental Process, 50. 19. Cf. McConnell, Private Power, 51-154; Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 20. David B. Truman, \"The Politics of New Collectivism\" (Unpublished manuscript, Columbia University Library), 10\u201411, 13, 19, 21, as quoted by Shin'ya Qno, \"The Limits of Bourgeois Pluralism,\" Studies on the Left 5 (Summer 1965): 64\u201466. See also Peter Bachrach, \"Elite Consensus and Democracy,\" journal of Politics 29 (1962): 439-52; Jack L. Walker, \"A Critique of the Elitist Theory of Democracy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"<em>Voluntarism.</em>\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement", "quote_start_pos": 51207, "quote_exact": "Voluntarism.", "quoted_text": "Voluntarism.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1984, "quote_prefix": "Democracy,\" American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\"<em> 22. When I speak of the federation's political </em>\"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman,", "quote_start_pos": 51256, "quote_exact": " 22. When I speak of the federation's political ", "quoted_text": "22. When I speak of the federation's political", "quote_start_page_pos": 1997, "quote_prefix": "American Political Science Review 60 (June 1966): 286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"<em>tactics</em>\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental", "quote_start_pos": 51264, "quote_exact": "tactics", "quoted_text": "tactics", "quote_start_page_pos": 2046, "quote_prefix": "286-87. 21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"", "quote_suffix": "\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\"<em> or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, </em>\"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior.", "quote_start_pos": 51523, "quote_exact": " or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membership- leadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of sty- listic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, ", "quoted_text": "or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membership- leadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of sty- listic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2054, "quote_prefix": "21. See, among other works, James O. Morris, Conflict Within the AFL (Ithaca, N.Y., 1958), 10\u201413, passim; Lewis Lorwin, The American Federation of Labor (Washington, D.C., 1933), 301-5, 417-52, passim; Philip Taft, The A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers (New York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior.", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"<em>Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,</em>\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years", "quote_start_pos": 51562, "quote_exact": "Or- ganized Labor as a Pressure Group,", "quoted_text": "Or- ganized Labor as a Pressure Group,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2313, "quote_prefix": "York, 1958); Robert Franklin Hoxie, Trade Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\"<em> Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, </em>\"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8.", "quote_start_pos": 51800, "quote_exact": " Annals of the American Academy of Po- litical and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, ", "quoted_text": "Annals of the American Academy of Po- litical and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2352, "quote_prefix": "Unionism in the United States (New York, 1919), 177-87, 35075; Sylvia Kopald, Rebellion in Labor Unions (New York, 1923); Rogin, \"Voluntarism.\" 22. When I speak of the federation's political \"tactics\" or its demands, operations, etc, I do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8.", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"<em>Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.</em>\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL,", "quote_start_pos": 51839, "quote_exact": "Organized La- bor as a Pressure Group.", "quoted_text": "Organized La- bor as a Pressure Group.", "quote_start_page_pos": 2590, "quote_prefix": "do not mean to reify the group and ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\"<em> 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, </em>\"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions,", "quote_start_pos": 52049, "quote_exact": " 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Car- bondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, ", "quoted_text": "25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Car- bondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2629, "quote_prefix": "ignore membershipleadership conflicts. The federation is personified solely in the interests of stylistic convenience. 23. See Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014304; Avery Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions,", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"<em>One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,</em>\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the", "quote_start_pos": 52089, "quote_exact": "One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,", "quoted_text": "One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2839, "quote_prefix": "Pressure Group,\" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the", "pages": [19, 19]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\"<em> in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the AFL's opposition to social legislation, see Rogin, </em>\"Voluntarism,\" 530-34. The AFL had supported hours legislation in 1894 and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette,", "quote_start_pos": 52641, "quote_exact": " in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the AFL's opposition to social legislation, see Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "in J.B.S. Hardman and Maurice F. Neufeld, eds. The House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the AFL's opposition to social legislation, see Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2879, "quote_prefix": "Academy of Political and Social Science 274 (March 1951): 108-10, 114-16; Selig Perlman, A Theory of the Labor Movement (1928; republished, New York, 1949). 24. Truman, Governmental Process, 299\u2014300; Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group.\" 25. Marc Karson, American Labor Unions and Politics, 1900\u20141918 (Carbondale, 111, 1958), 48. Karson argues, as I will, that this statement does not describe actual union political behavior. 26. Henry David, \"One Hundred Years of Labor in Politics,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Voluntarism,\" 530-34. The AFL had supported hours legislation in 1894 and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette,", "pages": [19, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the AFL's opposition to social legislation, see Rogin, \"<em>Voluntarism,</em>\" 530-34. The AFL had supported hours legislation in 1894 and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not", "quote_start_pos": 52654, "quote_exact": "Voluntarism,", "quoted_text": "Voluntarism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 429, "quote_prefix": "House of Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the AFL's opposition to social legislation, see Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 530-34. The AFL had supported hours legislation in 1894 and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the AFL's opposition to social legislation, see Rogin, \"Voluntarism,\"<em> 530-34. The AFL had supported hours legislation in 1894 and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, </em>\"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy", "quote_start_pos": 53211, "quote_exact": " 530-34. The AFL had supported hours legislation in 1894 and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alter- native to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, ", "quoted_text": "530-34. The AFL had supported hours legislation in 1894 and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alter- native to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers,", "quote_start_page_pos": 442, "quote_prefix": "Labor (New York, 1951), 91,92. 27. AFL, Proceedings 1903:194. 320 Notes to Pages 122-27 28. AFL, Proceedings 1894:36-40. 29. AFL, Proceedings 1886:8. 30. AFL, Proceedings 1894:14. 31. AFL, Proceedings 1896:21-22. 32. Taft, A.F. of L. in the Time of Gompers, 292. 33. Karson, American Labor Unions, 29\u201441. 34. AFL, Proceedings 1906:32. 35. AFL, Proceedings 1908:223. 36. Karson, American Labor Unions, 54-62, 71-73, 81-89, 285. 37. For the AFL's opposition to social legislation, see Rogin, \"Voluntarism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"<em>We Are In To Win,</em>\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937):", "quote_start_pos": 53229, "quote_exact": "We Are In To Win,", "quoted_text": "We Are In To Win,", "quote_start_page_pos": 999, "quote_prefix": "and 1899 before opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937):", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\"<em> Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, </em>\"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the", "quote_start_pos": 53291, "quote_exact": " Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, ", "quoted_text": "Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1017, "quote_prefix": "opposing it in 1914. This is a measure of the difference between the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"<em>Organized Labor as a Pressure Group</em>\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers", "quote_start_pos": 53327, "quote_exact": "Organized Labor as a Pressure Group", "quoted_text": "Organized Labor as a Pressure Group", "quote_start_page_pos": 1079, "quote_prefix": "the antipolitical stances of the two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"<em>; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, </em>\"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of", "quote_start_pos": 53653, "quote_exact": "; Truman, Gov- ernmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union or- ganizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, ", "quoted_text": "; Truman, Gov- ernmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union or- ganizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1115, "quote_prefix": "two periods. 38. Samuel Gompers, Seventy Years of Life and Labor, 2 vols. (New York, 1925), 2:26. 39. Since 1906 nonpartisanship had been presented in practice as the alternative to support for third-party candidates. But Gompers explained that the AFL, in punishing the old parties and rewarding its friend La Follette, was not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"<em>Labor's Changing Political Line,</em>\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing", "quote_start_pos": 53686, "quote_exact": "Labor's Changing Political Line,", "quoted_text": "Labor's Changing Political Line,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1441, "quote_prefix": "not departing from nonpartisan tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\"<em> Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. </em>\"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in", "quote_start_pos": 53918, "quote_exact": " Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weiss- man of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. ", "quoted_text": "Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weiss- man of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1474, "quote_prefix": "tradition (Samuel Gompers, \"We Are In To Win,\" Federationist 31 [September 1924]), 472. 40. Cf. Leiserson, \"Organized Labor as a Pressure Group\"; Truman, Governmental Process, 302\u20144; Perlman, Theory of the Labor Movement, 219. 41. In 1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"<em>It embodied political action,</em>\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American", "quote_start_pos": 53948, "quote_exact": "It embodied political action,", "quoted_text": "It embodied political action,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1706, "quote_prefix": "1902, while Gompers was denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\"<em> he explained, </em>\"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics", "quote_start_pos": 53964, "quote_exact": " he explained, ", "quoted_text": "he explained,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1736, "quote_prefix": "denying politics had any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"<em>to which we were opposed.</em>\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499.", "quote_start_pos": 53990, "quote_exact": "to which we were opposed.", "quoted_text": "to which we were opposed.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1752, "quote_prefix": "any relevance to union goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499.", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\"<em> At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, </em>\"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis,", "quote_start_pos": 54381, "quote_exact": " At the same con- vention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, ", "quoted_text": "At the same con- vention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1778, "quote_prefix": "goals, the AFL convention defeated a Socialist resolution forbidding union organizers from holding political jobs (AFL Proceedings 1902:154). 42. Cf. Philip Taft, \"Labor's Changing Political Line,\" Journal of Political Economy 45 (October 1937): 635. At the 1895 AFL convention Jacob Weissman of the Bakery Workers Union, a staunch Gompers supporter, opposed sending a delegate to the International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis,", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"<em>Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,</em>\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931),", "quote_start_pos": 54415, "quote_exact": "Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,", "quoted_text": "Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2169, "quote_prefix": "International Conference of Social Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931),", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\"<em> in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. </em>\"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early", "quote_start_pos": 54596, "quote_exact": " in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anar- chist, business-union variety. ", "quoted_text": "in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anar- chist, business-union variety.", "quote_start_page_pos": 2203, "quote_prefix": "Work. \"It embodied political action,\" he explained, \"to which we were opposed.\" At the same convention Weissman introduced a resolution favoring the municipal regulation of bakeshops. Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"<em>Why wait for the slow process of law,</em>\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support", "quote_start_pos": 54634, "quote_exact": "Why wait for the slow process of law,", "quoted_text": "Why wait for the slow process of law,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2384, "quote_prefix": "Two years earlier he had favored laws requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\"<em> he had once asked, </em>\"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership,", "quote_start_pos": 54655, "quote_exact": " he had once asked, ", "quoted_text": "he had once asked,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2422, "quote_prefix": "requiring a day of rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership,", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"<em>when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?</em>\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials", "quote_start_pos": 54708, "quote_exact": "when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?", "quoted_text": "when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?", "quote_start_page_pos": 2443, "quote_prefix": "rest for California bakers and preventing the construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\"<em> (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, </em>\"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors,", "quote_start_pos": 54786, "quote_exact": " (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "(AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2496, "quote_prefix": "construction of bakehouses in basements (AFL, Proceedings 1893:73, 1895:53, 64). 43. Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors,", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"<em>Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922</em>\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party", "quote_start_pos": 54868, "quote_exact": "Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922", "quoted_text": "Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922", "quote_start_page_pos": 2574, "quote_prefix": "Harold Seidman, Labor Czars (New York, 1938), 11-17, 51, 81-85, 222-27. 44. Cf. Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party", "pages": [20, 20]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\"<em> (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, </em>\"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit,", "quote_start_pos": 55532, "quote_exact": " (Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Har- rison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, ", "quoted_text": "(Master's thesis, Columbia University, 1931), 16-34. In Chicago labor-political ties also thwarted reform politics. There was a Notes to Pages 127-30 321 fight over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Har- rison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2656, "quote_prefix": "Louis Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" in J. B. S. Hardman, ed., American Labor Dynamics (New York, 1928), 197\u201499. 45. Duncan was known throughout the federation as a philosophical anarchist, business-union variety. \"Why wait for the slow process of law,\" he had once asked, \"when we can exert a sure and certain economic power?\" (AFL, Proceedings 1902:182). 46. This story is recounted in Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies and Independent Political Action in New York City: 1918-1922\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit,", "pages": [20, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"<em>Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,</em>\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter,", "quote_start_pos": 55566, "quote_exact": "Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,", "quoted_text": "Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 535, "quote_prefix": "over municipal ownership of Chicago's street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter,", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\"<em> 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, </em>\"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago,", "quote_start_pos": 55592, "quote_exact": " 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, ", "quoted_text": "199. 48. E. E. Cummins,", "quote_start_page_pos": 569, "quote_prefix": "street railways in the early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago,", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"<em>Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,</em>\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in", "quote_start_pos": 55649, "quote_exact": "Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,", "quoted_text": "Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,", "quote_start_page_pos": 595, "quote_prefix": "early 1900s. Fearing aggressive labor support of municipal ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\"<em> Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, </em>\"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political", "quote_start_pos": 55787, "quote_exact": " Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Gold- man, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Gold- man, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 652, "quote_prefix": "ownership, Mayor Carter Harrison appointed many union officials to jobs on the city payroll, as building inspectors, bridge inspectors, and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"<em>Central Labor Bodies,</em>\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\"", "quote_start_pos": 55809, "quote_exact": "Central Labor Bodies,", "quoted_text": "Central Labor Bodies,", "quote_start_page_pos": 790, "quote_prefix": "and members of various bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\"", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\"<em> 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, </em>\"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367;", "quote_start_pos": 55840, "quote_exact": " 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, ", "quoted_text": "29. 49. Cf. William Lederle,", "quote_start_page_pos": 812, "quote_prefix": "bureaus. When, in 1903, the formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367;", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"<em>Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934</em>\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America,", "quote_start_pos": 55892, "quote_exact": "Political Party Organization in Detroit: 1920- 1934", "quoted_text": "Political Party Organization in Detroit: 1920- 1934", "quote_start_page_pos": 843, "quote_prefix": "formation of the Union Labor party threatened Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America,", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\"<em> (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, </em>\"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander", "quote_start_pos": 56132, "quote_exact": " (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, ", "quoted_text": "(Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons,", "quote_start_page_pos": 895, "quote_prefix": "Harrison's reelection, these men threw their weight against the new venture. See Ray Ginger, Altgeld's America (New York, 1958), 281. 47. Stanley, \"Prosperity, Politics, and Policy,\" 199. 48. E. E. Cummins, \"Political and Social Philosophy of the Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"<em>The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,</em>\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and", "quote_start_pos": 56185, "quote_exact": "The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,", "quoted_text": "The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1135, "quote_prefix": "Carpenters Union,\" Political Science Quarterly 42 (September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\"<em> Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, </em>\"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38.", "quote_start_pos": 56259, "quote_exact": " Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, ", "quoted_text": "Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1188, "quote_prefix": "(September 1927): 410; Eric F. Goldman, Rendezvous with Destiny (New York, 1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38.", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"<em>American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,</em>\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen", "quote_start_pos": 56308, "quote_exact": "American La- bor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,", "quoted_text": "American La- bor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1262, "quote_prefix": "1952), 228; Lawrence Rogin, \"Central Labor Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\"<em> Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, </em>\"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the", "quote_start_pos": 56435, "quote_exact": " Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1311, "quote_prefix": "Bodies,\" 29. 49. Cf. William Lederle, \"Political Party Organization in Detroit: 19201934\" (Master's thesis, University of Michigan, 1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"<em>The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor</em>\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers.", "quote_start_pos": 56489, "quote_exact": "The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor", "quoted_text": "The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor", "quote_start_page_pos": 1438, "quote_prefix": "1931), 63; Stephen V. Sarasohn and Vera H. Sarasohn, Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers.", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\"<em> (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, </em>\"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of", "quote_start_pos": 56644, "quote_exact": " (Ph.D. diss., Uni- versity of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, ", "quoted_text": "(Ph.D. diss., Uni- versity of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1492, "quote_prefix": "Political Party Patterns in Michigan (Detroit, 1957), 28, 31, 48; Robert Hunter, Labor in Politics (Chicago, 1915), 47-61; Henry John Gibbons, \"The Labor Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\"", "quote_suffix": "\"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"<em>San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,</em>\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80,", "quote_start_pos": 56711, "quote_exact": "San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,", "quoted_text": "San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1647, "quote_prefix": "Vote in Philadelphia's Political Upheaval,\" Charities and the Commons 15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80,", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\"<em> Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See </em>\"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri,", "quote_start_pos": 56999, "quote_exact": " Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Trans- portation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See ", "quoted_text": "Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Trans- portation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See", "quote_start_page_pos": 1714, "quote_prefix": "15 (3 February 1906): 588\u201490; George P. West, \"American Labor's Political Strategy\u2014A Failure,\" Nation, 29 March 1922, p. 367; Seidman, Labor Czars, 30, 57\u201461; Ginger, Altgeld's America, 281, passim; Alvah Eugene Staley, \"The History of the Illinois State Federation of Labor\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri,", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"<em>No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,</em>\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor", "quote_start_pos": 57052, "quote_exact": "No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,", "quoted_text": "No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2002, "quote_prefix": "diss., University of Chicago, 1928), 224-28, 282-92; Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\"<em> Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, </em>\"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church", "quote_start_pos": 57105, "quote_exact": " Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, ", "quoted_text": "Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2055, "quote_prefix": "Walton Bean, Boss Ruef's San Francisco (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"<em>The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920</em>\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May", "quote_start_pos": 57155, "quote_exact": "The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920", "quoted_text": "The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920", "quote_start_page_pos": 2108, "quote_prefix": "Los Angeles, 1952); Alexander Saxton, \"San Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\"<em> (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, </em>\"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third", "quote_start_pos": 57410, "quote_exact": " (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, ", "quoted_text": "(Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2158, "quote_prefix": "Francisco Labor and the Populist and Progressive Insurgencies,\" Pacific Historical Review 34 (November 1965), 421-38. 50. For example, of the five Chicago congressmen mentioned as prolabor by Gompers in 1920, four had voted for the hated Esch-Cummins Railroad Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"<em>The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945</em>\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus", "quote_start_pos": 57466, "quote_exact": "The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945", "quoted_text": "The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945", "quote_start_page_pos": 2413, "quote_prefix": "Transportation Act and the fifth was a tool of the anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\"<em> (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, </em>\"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New", "quote_start_pos": 57587, "quote_exact": " (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, ", "quoted_text": "(Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2469, "quote_prefix": "anti-union Chicago meat-packers. See \"No Time for Experimenting with Labor Party Theories,\" Federationist 28 (May 1920): 439; Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"<em>The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,</em>\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36", "quote_start_pos": 57633, "quote_exact": "The Cath- olic Church and the Labor Movement,", "quoted_text": "The Cath- olic Church and the Labor Movement,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2590, "quote_prefix": "Harry Bird Sell, \"The AFL and the Labor Party Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36", "pages": [21, 21]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\"<em> Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36 57. Cf. Michael Walzer, </em>\"Civil Disobedience and Corporate Authority,\" in Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement", "quote_start_pos": 58163, "quote_exact": " Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165- 215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36 57. Cf. Michael Walzer, ", "quoted_text": "Modern Monthly 7 (May 1933): 225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165- 215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36 57. Cf. Michael Walzer,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2636, "quote_prefix": "Movement of 1918-1920\" (Master's thesis, University of Chicago, 1922), 79-80, 121-22. 51. In Saint Louis the city federation of local unions emancipated itself from machine politics only thanks to the influence of the powerful Socialist Brewery Workers (Edwin James Forsythe, \"The St. Louis Central Trades and Labor Union: 1887-1945\" (Ph.D. diss., University of Missouri, 1956), 41-47, 55-58. 52. Karson, American Labor Unions, 212-84; David J. Saposs, \"The Catholic Church and the Labor Movement,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Civil Disobedience and Corporate Authority,\" in Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement", "pages": [21, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36 57. Cf. Michael Walzer, \"<em>Civil Disobedience and Corporate Authority,</em>\" in Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson,", "quote_start_pos": 58207, "quote_exact": "Civil Disobedience and Corporate Authority,", "quoted_text": "Civil Disobedience and Corporate Authority,", "quote_start_page_pos": 51, "quote_prefix": "225\u2014 30, (June 1933): 294-98. 53. AFL, Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36 57. Cf. Michael Walzer, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson,", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36 57. Cf. Michael Walzer, \"Civil Disobedience and Corporate Authority,\"<em> in Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, </em>\"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight", "quote_start_pos": 58715, "quote_exact": " in Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, ", "quoted_text": "in Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 95, "quote_prefix": "Proceedings 1932:342. 54. Truman, Governmental Process, 65-74, 300-304. 55. Hindsight, however, minimizes socialist strength during the progressive period. The Socialist candidate against Gompers obtained one-third of the vote in the 1912 AFL convention. 56. Angus Campbell et al., The American Voter (New York, 1960), 165215; V. O. Key, Jr., Public Opinion and American Democracy (New York, 1961), 153-201. 322 Notes to Pages 130-36 57. Cf. Michael Walzer, \"Civil Disobedience and Corporate Authority,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"<em>On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'</em>\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing", "quote_start_pos": 58750, "quote_exact": "On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'", "quoted_text": "On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'", "quote_start_page_pos": 603, "quote_prefix": "Philip Green and Sanford Levinson, eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\"<em> in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, </em>\"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into", "quote_start_pos": 58834, "quote_exact": " in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, ", "quoted_text": "in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset,", "quote_start_page_pos": 638, "quote_prefix": "eds., Power and Community (New York, 1970), 223-46. 58. This is also Hanna Fenichel Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"<em>The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,</em>\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman", "quote_start_pos": 58898, "quote_exact": "The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,", "quoted_text": "The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,", "quote_start_page_pos": 722, "quote_prefix": "Pitkin's conclusion in her authoritative The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\"<em> in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, </em>\"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass.,", "quote_start_pos": 59384, "quote_exact": " in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experi- ence. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, ", "quoted_text": "in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experi- ence. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland,", "quote_start_page_pos": 786, "quote_prefix": "Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 59. Sanford Levinson has pointed out, however, that the basic conflicts in contemporary political science go beyond values to conflicting interpretations of the facts. The standard American retreat from value conflict to agreement on the facts no longer seems to work. Levinson, \"On 'Teaching' Political 'Science,'\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 59\u201484. 60. See Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Political Process in Trade Unions: A Theoretical Statement,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass.,", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"<em>NAM: Spokesman for Industry?</em>\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY", "quote_start_pos": 59413, "quote_exact": "NAM: Spokesman for Industry?", "quoted_text": "NAM: Spokesman for Industry?", "quote_start_page_pos": 1272, "quote_prefix": "Theoretical Statement,\" in Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\"<em> Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, </em>\"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil", "quote_start_pos": 59522, "quote_exact": " Harvard Busi- ness Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, ", "quoted_text": "Harvard Busi- ness Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1301, "quote_prefix": "Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset, eds., Labor and Trade Unionism (New York, 1960), 238-39. 61. Support for the war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"<em>The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California</em>\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau,", "quote_start_pos": 59598, "quote_exact": "The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California", "quoted_text": "The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California", "quote_start_page_pos": 1410, "quote_prefix": "war in Vietnam by contemporary labor leaders is also best explained by leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau,", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\"<em> (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, </em>\"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of", "quote_start_pos": 59682, "quote_exact": " (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, ", "quoted_text": "(Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1486, "quote_prefix": "leadership-organizational rather than working-class experience. Crucial to the AFL-CIO position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"<em>Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,</em>\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24.", "quote_start_pos": 59755, "quote_exact": "Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,", "quoted_text": "Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1570, "quote_prefix": "position were the internal fight with Communist and other left-wing unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24.", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\"<em> in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, </em>\"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is", "quote_start_pos": 60355, "quote_exact": " in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, ", "quoted_text": "in Green and Levinson, Power and Community, 173-94. 64. Cf. Carl Schorske, German Social Democracy, 1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1643, "quote_prefix": "unionists in the 1930s and 1940s and the incorporation of trade-union leadership into the Democratic party. 62. Alfred S. Cleveland, \"NAM: Spokesman for Industry?\" Harvard Business Review 26 (May 1948): 359\u201462; Karson, American Labor Unions, 136\u2014 41; Alexander Saxton, \"The Indispensable Enemy: A Study of the Anti-Chinese Movement in California\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1967). 63. Cf. Michael Parenti, \"Assimilation and Counter-Assimilation: From Civil Rights to Black Power,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"<em>After Pinkville,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the", "quote_start_pos": 60372, "quote_exact": "After Pinkville,", "quoted_text": "After Pinkville,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2243, "quote_prefix": "1905\u20141917 (Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, </em>\"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion", "quote_start_pos": 60505, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2260, "quote_prefix": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1955). CHAPTER V. LIBERAL SOCIETY AND THE INDIAN QUESTION 1. Henri Baudet, Paradise on Earth (New Haven, 1965), 8. 2. John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"<em>Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,</em>\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes", "quote_start_pos": 60545, "quote_exact": "Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,", "quoted_text": "Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2393, "quote_prefix": "John Locke, Of Civil Government (London, 1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\"<em> The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, </em>\"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\"", "quote_start_pos": 60603, "quote_exact": " The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, ", "quoted_text": "The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2433, "quote_prefix": "1924), Second Treatise, 140. For Hobbes and Rousseau, American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\"", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"<em>Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,</em>\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American,", "quote_start_pos": 60658, "quote_exact": "Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,", "quoted_text": "Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2491, "quote_prefix": "American Indian societies also demonstrated the historical existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American,", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\"<em> The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the </em>\"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass,", "quote_start_pos": 60965, "quote_exact": " The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the ", "quoted_text": "The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the", "quote_start_page_pos": 2546, "quote_prefix": "existence of the state of nature. See Hoxie N. Fairchild, The Noble Savage (New York, 1961), 23-24. 3. The Federalist Papers, Roy P. Fairfield, ed. (New York, 1961), no. 1:33. 4. Cf. Noam Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" New York Review of Books, 1 January 1970, p. 10, and American Power and the New Mandarins (New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass,", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"<em>new barbarians</em>\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or", "quote_start_pos": 60980, "quote_exact": "new barbarians", "quoted_text": "new barbarians", "quote_start_page_pos": 2853, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1969), 279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\"<em> of the New Left. This </em>\"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern,", "quote_start_pos": 61004, "quote_exact": " of the New Left. This ", "quoted_text": "of the New Left. This", "quote_start_page_pos": 2868, "quote_prefix": "279\u201480; Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\"", "quote_suffix": "\"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern,", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"<em>rebellion of small groups</em>\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern,", "quote_start_pos": 61030, "quote_exact": "rebellion of small groups", "quoted_text": "rebellion of small groups", "quote_start_page_pos": 2892, "quote_prefix": "\"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"", "quote_suffix": "\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern,", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\"<em> is </em>\"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entre-", "quote_start_pos": 61035, "quote_exact": " is ", "quoted_text": "is", "quote_start_page_pos": 2918, "quote_prefix": "Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\"", "quote_suffix": "\"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entre-", "pages": [22, 22]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"<em>rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,</em>\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These", "quote_start_pos": 61090, "quote_exact": "rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,", "quoted_text": "rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2923, "quote_prefix": "Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418; Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These", "pages": [22, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\"<em> </em>\"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These", "quote_start_pos": 61092, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 49, "quote_prefix": "Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"<em>wild and disorganized,</em>\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in", "quote_start_pos": 61115, "quote_exact": "wild and disorganized,", "quoted_text": "wild and disorganized,", "quote_start_page_pos": 51, "quote_prefix": "Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\"<em> demands </em>\"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers", "quote_start_pos": 61125, "quote_exact": " demands ", "quoted_text": "demands", "quote_start_page_pos": 74, "quote_prefix": "the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"<em>infant-instantism,</em>\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew", "quote_start_pos": 61144, "quote_exact": "infant-instantism,", "quoted_text": "infant-instantism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 84, "quote_prefix": "American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"", "quote_suffix": "\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\"<em> is wholly un-American, and </em>\"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation", "quote_start_pos": 61173, "quote_exact": " is wholly un-American, and ", "quoted_text": "is wholly un-American, and", "quote_start_page_pos": 103, "quote_prefix": "Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"<em>cannot last, if the nation is to survive</em>\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975).", "quote_start_pos": 61214, "quote_exact": "cannot last, if the nation is to survive", "quoted_text": "cannot last, if the nation is to survive", "quote_start_page_pos": 132, "quote_prefix": "Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975).", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\"<em> (Daniel Boorstin, </em>\"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975). The discussion here", "quote_start_pos": 61234, "quote_exact": " (Daniel Boorstin, ", "quoted_text": "(Daniel Boorstin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 173, "quote_prefix": "36, 45-46. Hippie and New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975). The discussion here", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"<em>The New Barbarians,</em>\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975). The discussion here will indicate that", "quote_start_pos": 61254, "quote_exact": "The New Barbarians,", "quoted_text": "The New Barbarians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 193, "quote_prefix": "New Left youth identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975). The discussion here will indicate that", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\"<em> Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in antebellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entrepreneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975). The discussion here will indicate that our leading politicians shared the myth and that it was particularly salient to those involved in Indian affairs. I believe that in some form the Indian myth reached deeply into all the social categories enumerated above. But it was sufficiently complex that different social types would stress different aspects. This sort of differentiation is not attempted here. 6. I am indebted to Mark Morris for this estimate. It is derived from Commissioner of Indian Affairs census records and other published sources. The figures in the text are conservative; removal during this period may have caused the deaths of forty thousand Indians. 7. Martin Van Buren, Autobiography, American Historical Association Annual Report (1918), 2:275. Cf. Mary E. Young, Redskins, Ruffleshirts, and Rednecks (Norman, Okla., 1961), 3\u20145, passim; Annie Heloise Abel, The History of Events Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906). Indians are simply not mentioned at all in perhaps the two major contenders for synthetic interpretations of the Jacksonian period. See Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945); Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). Thomas H. Benton's biographer largely ignores his important role in Indian affairs; Lewis Cass's biographer offers the most enormous, elementary, factual errors in his abbreviated account of the secretary of war and Indian removal. See William N. Chambers, Old Bullion Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. </em>\"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"Second Annual Message,\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of", "quote_start_pos": 63374, "quote_exact": " Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in ante- bellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entre- preneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975). The discussion here will indicate that our leading politicians shared the myth and that it was particularly salient to those involved in Indian affairs. I believe that in some form the Indian myth reached deeply into all the social categories enumerated above. But it was sufficiently complex that different social types would stress different aspects. This sort of differentia- tion is not attempted here. 6. I am indebted to Mark Morris for this estimate. It is derived from Com- missioner of Indian Affairs census records and other published sources. The figures in the text are conservative; removal during this period may have caused the deaths of forty thousand Indians. 7. Martin Van Buren, Autobiography, American Historical Association An- nual Report (1918), 2:275. Cf. Mary E. Young, Redskins, Ruffleshirts, and Rednecks (Norman, Okla., 1961), 3\u20145, passim; Annie Heloise Abel, The His- tory of Events Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, Amer- ican Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906). Indians are simply not mentioned at all in perhaps the two major contenders for synthetic inter- pretations of the Jacksonian period. See Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., The Age of Jack- son (Boston, 1945); Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). Thomas H. Benton's biographer largely ignores his important role in Indian affairs; Lewis Cass's biographer offers the most enormous, elementary, factual errors in his abbreviated account of the secretary of war and Indian removal. See William N. Chambers, Old Bullion Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. ", "quoted_text": "Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159-62, 260\u2014 62). 5. This essay interprets the prevailing cultural myth about Indians in ante- bellum America. It makes no effort to specify the social basis of that myth\u2014 class or mass, popular or elite, frontier or eastern, northern or southern, entre- preneurial or pastoral, speculator or backwoods. These themes arc addressed in my Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975). The discussion here will indicate that our leading politicians shared the myth and that it was particularly salient to those involved in Indian affairs. I believe that in some form the Indian myth reached deeply into all the social categories enumerated above. But it was sufficiently complex that different social types would stress different aspects. This sort of differentia- tion is not attempted here. 6. I am indebted to Mark Morris for this estimate. It is derived from Com- missioner of Indian Affairs census records and other published sources. The figures in the text are conservative; removal during this period may have caused the deaths of forty thousand Indians. 7. Martin Van Buren, Autobiography, American Historical Association An- nual Report (1918), 2:275. Cf. Mary E. Young, Redskins, Ruffleshirts, and Rednecks (Norman, Okla., 1961), 3\u20145, passim; Annie Heloise Abel, The His- tory of Events Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, Amer- ican Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906). Indians are simply not mentioned at all in perhaps the two major contenders for synthetic inter- pretations of the Jacksonian period. See Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., The Age of Jack- son (Boston, 1945); Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). Thomas H. Benton's biographer largely ignores his important role in Indian affairs; Lewis Cass's biographer offers the most enormous, elementary, factual errors in his abbreviated account of the secretary of war and Indian removal. See William N. Chambers, Old Bullion Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8.", "quote_start_page_pos": 213, "quote_prefix": "identify themselves, and are identified by their enemies, with Indian resistance to American culture. It is fitting that the leading academic defender of American traditions has written an intemperate attack on the \"new barbarians\" of the New Left. This \"rebellion of small groups\" is \"rude, Notes to Pages 136-37 323 wild, and uncivilized,\" \"wild and disorganized,\" demands \"infant-instantism,\" is wholly un-American, and \"cannot last, if the nation is to survive\" (Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"Second Annual Message,\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jacksonian period. See Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945); Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). Thomas H. Benton's biographer largely ignores his important role in Indian affairs; Lewis Cass's biographer offers the most enormous, elementary, factual errors in his abbreviated account of the secretary of war and Indian removal. See William N. Chambers, Old Bullion Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"<em>Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,</em>\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"Second Annual Message,\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James", "quote_start_pos": 63451, "quote_exact": "Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war depart- ment,", "quoted_text": "Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war depart- ment,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2333, "quote_prefix": "Jacksonian period. See Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945); Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). Thomas H. Benton's biographer largely ignores his important role in Indian affairs; Lewis Cass's biographer offers the most enormous, elementary, factual errors in his abbreviated account of the secretary of war and Indian removal. See William N. Chambers, Old Bullion Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"Second Annual Message,\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). Thomas H. Benton's biographer largely ignores his important role in Indian affairs; Lewis Cass's biographer offers the most enormous, elementary, factual errors in his abbreviated account of the secretary of war and Indian removal. See William N. Chambers, Old Bullion Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\"<em> Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, </em>\"Second Annual Message,\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James C. Calhoun, in American State Papers, Indian Affairs 2:190. Hereafter cited as IA. 13. Here and throughout I have relied heavily on Roy Harvey Pearce's seminal The Savages of America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture,", "quote_start_pos": 63783, "quote_exact": " Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, ", "quoted_text": "Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2410, "quote_prefix": "Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). Thomas H. Benton's biographer largely ignores his important role in Indian affairs; Lewis Cass's biographer offers the most enormous, elementary, factual errors in his abbreviated account of the secretary of war and Indian removal. See William N. Chambers, Old Bullion Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Second Annual Message,\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James C. Calhoun, in American State Papers, Indian Affairs 2:190. Hereafter cited as IA. 13. Here and throughout I have relied heavily on Roy Harvey Pearce's seminal The Savages of America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture,", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"<em>Second Annual Message,</em>\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James C. Calhoun, in American State Papers, Indian Affairs 2:190. Hereafter cited as IA. 13. Here and throughout I have relied heavily on Roy Harvey Pearce's seminal The Savages of America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 63806, "quote_exact": "Second Annual Message,", "quoted_text": "Second Annual Message,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2742, "quote_prefix": "Benton (Boston, 1956); Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James C. Calhoun, in American State Papers, Indian Affairs 2:190. Hereafter cited as IA. 13. Here and throughout I have relied heavily on Roy Harvey Pearce's seminal The Savages of America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York,", "pages": [23, 23]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"Second Annual Message,\"<em> 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James C. Calhoun, in American State Papers, Indian Affairs 2:190. Hereafter cited as IA. 13. Here and throughout I have relied heavily on Roy Harvey Pearce's seminal The Savages of America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York, 1968), 26-27, 75-100; 324 Notes to Pages 137-39 Arthur A. Ekirch, The Idea of Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, </em>\"First Annual Message,\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians", "quote_start_pos": 64629, "quote_exact": " 3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James C. Calhoun, in American State Papers, Indian Affairs 2:190. Hereafter cited as IA. 13. Here and throughout I have relied heavily on Roy Harvey Pearce's sem- inal The Savages of America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York, 1968), 26-27, 75-100; 324 Notes to Pages 137-39 Arthur A. Ekirch, The Idea of Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, ", "quoted_text": "3 December 1838, in James D. Richardson, ed., Messages and Papers of the Presidents, 10 vols. (New York, 1917), 3:500. 12. Secretary of War James C. Calhoun, in American State Papers, Indian Affairs 2:190. Hereafter cited as IA. 13. Here and throughout I have relied heavily on Roy Harvey Pearce's sem- inal The Savages of America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York, 1968), 26-27, 75-100; 324 Notes to Pages 137-39 Arthur A. Ekirch, The Idea of Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2765, "quote_prefix": "Frank B. Woodford, Lewis Cass (New Brunswick, N.J., 1950), 180-83. 8. \"Our Indian Affairs is ... the most important branch of the war department,\" Andrew Jackson wrote, offering the secretaryship to Hugh Lawson White (Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, John Spencer Bassett, cd., 6 vols. [Washington, D.C., 1926-33J, 4:271; hereafter cited as JC). 9. American State Papers, Military Affairs 4:714. Hereafter cited as MA. 10. Van Buren, Autobiography, 295. 11. Martin Van Buren, \"Second Annual Message,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"First Annual Message,\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians", "pages": [23, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York, 1968), 26-27, 75-100; 324 Notes to Pages 137-39 Arthur A. Ekirch, The Idea of Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"<em>First Annual Message,</em>\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry", "quote_start_pos": 64651, "quote_exact": "First Annual Message,", "quoted_text": "First Annual Message,", "quote_start_page_pos": 297, "quote_prefix": "America (Baltimore, 1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York, 1968), 26-27, 75-100; 324 Notes to Pages 137-39 Arthur A. Ekirch, The Idea of Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York, 1968), 26-27, 75-100; 324 Notes to Pages 137-39 Arthur A. Ekirch, The Idea of Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\"<em> 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. </em>\"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"Nature and the National Ego\" demonstrates", "quote_start_pos": 64888, "quote_exact": " 8 December 1829, in Rich- ardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the head- dress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a del- egation of petitioners for the United States Bank. ", "quoted_text": "8 December 1829, in Rich- ardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the head- dress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a del- egation of petitioners for the United States Bank.", "quote_start_page_pos": 319, "quote_prefix": "1965). See also Winthrop D. Jordon, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 89-91, 247-48, 477-81; George W. Stocking, Jr., Race, Culture, and Evolution (New York, 1968), 26-27, 75-100; 324 Notes to Pages 137-39 Arthur A. Ekirch, The Idea of Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"Nature and the National Ego\" demonstrates", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"<em>I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this</em>\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"Nature and the National Ego\" demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction", "quote_start_pos": 64946, "quote_exact": "I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this", "quoted_text": "I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this", "quote_start_page_pos": 556, "quote_prefix": "Progress in America, 1815-1860 (New York, 1944), 15-46. 14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"Nature and the National Ego\" demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\"<em> (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking </em>\"Nature and the National Ego\" demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction of nature, the source of its identity (Errand into the 'Wilderness [New York, 1964], 204\u201416). Other discussions of nostalgia and regression in Jacksonian America include Meyers, Jacksonian Persuasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert", "quote_start_pos": 65357, "quote_exact": " (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indi- anapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with na- ture or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking ", "quoted_text": "(Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indi- anapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with na- ture or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking", "quote_start_page_pos": 614, "quote_prefix": "14. Francis Parkman, The Conspiracy of Pontiac, 10th ed. (New York, 1962), 182-83. 15. General Edmund P. Gaines, in MA, 1:684. 16. Jordan, White over Black, 90-91. 17. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\" 8 December 1829, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. A few years later Jackson put on the headdress of the defeated Indian warrior Black Hawk shortly before receiving a delegation of petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Nature and the National Ego\" demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction of nature, the source of its identity (Errand into the 'Wilderness [New York, 1964], 204\u201416). Other discussions of nostalgia and regression in Jacksonian America include Meyers, Jacksonian Persuasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"<em>Nature and the National Ego</em>\" demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction of nature, the source of its identity (Errand into the 'Wilderness [New York, 1964], 204\u201416). Other discussions of nostalgia and regression in Jacksonian America include Meyers, Jacksonian Persuasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny", "quote_start_pos": 65385, "quote_exact": "Nature and the National Ego", "quoted_text": "Nature and the National Ego", "quote_start_page_pos": 1025, "quote_prefix": "petitioners for the United States Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"", "quote_suffix": "\" demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction of nature, the source of its identity (Errand into the 'Wilderness [New York, 1964], 204\u201416). Other discussions of nostalgia and regression in Jacksonian America include Meyers, Jacksonian Persuasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"Nature and the National Ego\"<em> demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction of nature, the source of its identity (Errand into the 'Wilderness [New York, 1964], 204\u201416). Other discussions of nostalgia and regression in Jacksonian America include Meyers, Jacksonian Persuasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 195; T. H. Benton, in IA 2:512; James W. Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines: Frontier General (Baton Rouge, La., 1949), 106. Grover Cleveland, signing a bill that opened the way for the large-scale white appropriation of Indian land, remarked, </em>\"The hunger and thirst of the white man for the Indian's land is almost equal to his hunger and thirst after righteousness\" (quoted in William T. Hagan, American Indians [Chicago, 1961], 141). John Locke cited cannibalism by fathers of their children as the consequence of unrestrained paternal authority (Of Civil Government, First Treatise, 40). 21. The analysis summarized here seeks to join the psychoanalytic theories of Melanie Klein and Geza Roheim to a tradition of interpreting America as a liberal", "quote_start_pos": 66150, "quote_exact": " demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction of nature, the source of its identity (Er- rand into the 'Wilderness [New York, 1964], 204\u201416). Other discussions of nos- talgia and regression in Jacksonian America include Meyers, Jacksonian Per- suasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 195; T. H. Benton, in IA 2:512; James W. Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines: Frontier General (Baton Rouge, La., 1949), 106. Grover Cleveland, signing a bill that opened the way for the large-scale white appro- priation of Indian land, remarked, ", "quoted_text": "demonstrates Jacksonian anxiety over the country's destruction of nature, the source of its identity (Er- rand into the 'Wilderness [New York, 1964], 204\u201416). Other discussions of nos- talgia and regression in Jacksonian America include Meyers, Jacksonian Per- suasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 195; T. H. Benton, in IA 2:512; James W. Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines: Frontier General (Baton Rouge, La., 1949), 106. Grover Cleveland, signing a bill that opened the way for the large-scale white appro- priation of Indian land, remarked,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1053, "quote_prefix": "Bank. \"I don't think those fellows would like to meet me in this\" (Marquis James, Andrew Jackson, 2 vols. (Indianapolis, 1933, 1937), 2:366; cf. JC 3:222. 18. Several interpretative works stress the American identification with nature or the Indians or both. See Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950); Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964); John William Ward, Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (New York, 1955), 11\u201445. Perry Miller's breathtaking \"Nature and the National Ego\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The hunger and thirst of the white man for the Indian's land is almost equal to his hunger and thirst after righteousness\" (quoted in William T. Hagan, American Indians [Chicago, 1961], 141). John Locke cited cannibalism by fathers of their children as the consequence of unrestrained paternal authority (Of Civil Government, First Treatise, 40). 21. The analysis summarized here seeks to join the psychoanalytic theories of Melanie Klein and Geza Roheim to a tradition of interpreting America as a liberal", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "suasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 195; T. H. Benton, in IA 2:512; James W. Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines: Frontier General (Baton Rouge, La., 1949), 106. Grover Cleveland, signing a bill that opened the way for the large-scale white appropriation of Indian land, remarked, \"<em>The hunger and thirst of the white man for the Indian's land is almost equal to his hunger and thirst after righteousness</em>\" (quoted in William T. Hagan, American Indians [Chicago, 1961], 141). John Locke cited cannibalism by fathers of their children as the consequence of unrestrained paternal authority (Of Civil Government, First Treatise, 40). 21. The analysis summarized here seeks to join the psychoanalytic theories of Melanie Klein and Geza Roheim to a tradition of interpreting America as a liberal society. See Geza Roheim, The Origins and Functions of Culture (New York, 1943) and Magic and Schizophrenia (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 66272, "quote_exact": "The hunger and thirst of the white man for the Indian's land is almost equal to his hunger and thirst after righteousness", "quoted_text": "The hunger and thirst of the white man for the Indian's land is almost equal to his hunger and thirst after righteousness", "quote_start_page_pos": 1818, "quote_prefix": "suasion; Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957); Charles G. Sellers, Jr., James K. Polk, Jacksonian, 1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 195; T. H. Benton, in IA 2:512; James W. Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines: Frontier General (Baton Rouge, La., 1949), 106. Grover Cleveland, signing a bill that opened the way for the large-scale white appropriation of Indian land, remarked, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (quoted in William T. Hagan, American Indians [Chicago, 1961], 141). John Locke cited cannibalism by fathers of their children as the consequence of unrestrained paternal authority (Of Civil Government, First Treatise, 40). 21. The analysis summarized here seeks to join the psychoanalytic theories of Melanie Klein and Geza Roheim to a tradition of interpreting America as a liberal society. See Geza Roheim, The Origins and Functions of Culture (New York, 1943) and Magic and Schizophrenia (New York,", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 195; T. H. Benton, in IA 2:512; James W. Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines: Frontier General (Baton Rouge, La., 1949), 106. Grover Cleveland, signing a bill that opened the way for the large-scale white appropriation of Indian land, remarked, \"The hunger and thirst of the white man for the Indian's land is almost equal to his hunger and thirst after righteousness\"<em> (quoted in William T. Hagan, American Indians [Chicago, 1961], 141). John Locke cited cannibalism by fathers of their children as the consequence of unrestrained paternal authority (Of Civil Government, First Treatise, 40). 21. The analysis summarized here seeks to join the psychoanalytic theories of Melanie Klein and Geza Roheim to a tradition of interpreting America as a liberal society. See Geza Roheim, The Origins and Functions of Culture (New York, 1943) and Magic and Schizophrenia (New York, 1955); Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), and Melanie Klein et al., eds., New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955). The treatment of America as a liberal society derives from Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1959); and Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and </em>\"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal", "quote_start_pos": 67218, "quote_exact": " (quoted in William T. Hagan, American Indians [Chicago, 1961], 141). John Locke cited cannibalism by fathers of their children as the consequence of unrestrained paternal authority (Of Civil Government, First Treatise, 40). 21. The analysis summarized here seeks to join the psychoanalytic theories of Melanie Klein and Geza Roheim to a tradition of interpreting America as a liberal society. See Geza Roheim, The Origins and Functions of Culture (New York, 1943) and Magic and Schizophrenia (New York, 1955); Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), and Melanie Klein et al., eds., New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955). The treatment of America as a liberal society derives from Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1959); and Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and ", "quoted_text": "(quoted in William T. Hagan, American Indians [Chicago, 1961], 141). John Locke cited cannibalism by fathers of their children as the consequence of unrestrained paternal authority (Of Civil Government, First Treatise, 40). 21. The analysis summarized here seeks to join the psychoanalytic theories of Melanie Klein and Geza Roheim to a tradition of interpreting America as a liberal society. See Geza Roheim, The Origins and Functions of Culture (New York, 1943) and Magic and Schizophrenia (New York, 1955); Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), and Melanie Klein et al., eds., New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955). The treatment of America as a liberal society derives from Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1959); and Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and", "quote_start_page_pos": 1940, "quote_prefix": "1795-1843 (Princeton, 1957), 3, 92. 19. /C 2:441. 20. Sources for the quotations are Albert K. Weinberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 195; T. H. Benton, in IA 2:512; James W. Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines: Frontier General (Baton Rouge, La., 1949), 106. Grover Cleveland, signing a bill that opened the way for the large-scale white appropriation of Indian land, remarked, \"The hunger and thirst of the white man for the Indian's land is almost equal to his hunger and thirst after righteousness\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Culture (New York, 1943) and Magic and Schizophrenia (New York, 1955); Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), and Melanie Klein et al., eds., New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955). The treatment of America as a liberal society derives from Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1959); and Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"<em>Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,</em>\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing", "quote_start_pos": 67284, "quote_exact": "Southern California: Right-Wing Be- havior and Political Symbols,", "quoted_text": "Southern California: Right-Wing Be- havior and Political Symbols,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2886, "quote_prefix": "Culture (New York, 1943) and Magic and Schizophrenia (New York, 1955); Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), and Melanie Klein et al., eds., New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955). The treatment of America as a liberal society derives from Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1959); and Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), and Melanie Klein et al., eds., New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955). The treatment of America as a liberal society derives from Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1959); and Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\"<em> in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 </em>\"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438,", "quote_start_pos": 67617, "quote_exact": " in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 ", "quoted_text": "in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325", "quote_start_page_pos": 2952, "quote_prefix": "Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), and Melanie Klein et al., eds., New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955). The treatment of America as a liberal society derives from Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 2 vols. (New York, 1959); and Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438,", "pages": [24, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"<em>Liberal</em>\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446.", "quote_start_pos": 67625, "quote_exact": "Liberal", "quoted_text": "Liberal", "quote_start_page_pos": 27, "quote_prefix": "1955). Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"", "quote_suffix": "\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446.", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\"<em> political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term </em>\"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney,", "quote_start_pos": 67815, "quote_exact": " political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repos- itories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies Amer- ican right-wing perspectives. The term ", "quoted_text": "political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repos- itories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies Amer- ican right-wing perspectives. The term", "quote_start_page_pos": 35, "quote_prefix": "Cf. Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 32-44, and \"Southern California: Right-Wing Behavior and Political Symbols,\" in Rogin and John L. Shover, Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\"", "quote_suffix": "\"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney,", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"<em>liberal</em>\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs,", "quote_start_pos": 67823, "quote_exact": "liberal", "quoted_text": "liberal", "quote_start_page_pos": 225, "quote_prefix": "Political Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs,", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\"<em> in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, </em>\"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy.", "quote_start_pos": 68037, "quote_exact": " in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, ", "quoted_text": "in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky,", "quote_start_page_pos": 233, "quote_prefix": "Change in California (Westport, Conn., 1970), 178\u2014201. Suggestive in bridging the gap between psychoanalytic theory and American society were Erik H. Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\"", "quote_suffix": "\"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy.", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"<em>After Pinkville,</em>\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild,", "quote_start_pos": 68054, "quote_exact": "After Pinkville,", "quoted_text": "After Pinkville,", "quote_start_page_pos": 447, "quote_prefix": "Kenneth Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild,", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\"<em> 10. See also Drinnon, </em>\"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79,", "quote_start_pos": 68078, "quote_exact": " 10. See also Drinnon, ", "quoted_text": "10. See also Drinnon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 464, "quote_prefix": "Keniston, The Uncommitted (New York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79,", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"<em>Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79, 298-99, 363-64. Eor more of McKenney's comparisons of savages to children (for example, the infant King Alfred ruling his realm from a three-legged stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, </em>\"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise", "quote_start_pos": 68802, "quote_exact": "Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79, 298-99, 363-64. Eor more of McKenney's comparisons of savages to children (for example, the infant King Alfred ruling his realm from a three-legged stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, ", "quoted_text": "Violence in the American Experience, 36\u201438, 44\u201446. 24. These phrases enter almost every discussion of the Indian question. On the identification of savages with children, see Fairchild, Noble Savage, 190, 230, 366-90. 25. Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79, 298-99, 363-64. Eor more of McKenney's comparisons of savages to children (for example, the infant King Alfred ruling his realm from a three-legged stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan,", "quote_start_page_pos": 488, "quote_prefix": "York, 1965). Notes to Pages 140-42 325 \"Liberal\" political movements, as Hartz makes clear, are not the sole repositories of the American liberal tradition. That tradition equally underlies American right-wing perspectives. The term \"liberal\" in this essay is not limited to a narrowly political referent. 22. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, 2d ed. (New York, 1958), 192\u201497. See also her discussion of imperialism, pp. 124\u201447. 23. Chomsky, \"After Pinkville,\" 10. See also Drinnon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79, 298-99, 363-64. Eor more of McKenney's comparisons of savages to children (for example, the infant King Alfred ruling his realm from a three-legged stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"<em>Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,</em>\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was .", "quote_start_pos": 68857, "quote_exact": "Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,", "quoted_text": "Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1212, "quote_prefix": "Thomas L. McKenney, Memoirs, Official and Personal, 2 vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79, 298-99, 363-64. Eor more of McKenney's comparisons of savages to children (for example, the infant King Alfred ruling his realm from a three-legged stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was .", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79, 298-99, 363-64. Eor more of McKenney's comparisons of savages to children (for example, the infant King Alfred ruling his realm from a three-legged stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\"<em> William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, </em>\"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother,", "quote_start_pos": 69227, "quote_exact": " William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of let- ters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American percep- tions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, ", "quoted_text": "William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of let- ters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American percep- tions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1267, "quote_prefix": "vols. (New York, 1846), 2:33. This sort of stock description of the noble savage endured in America after it died out in Europe; it was utilized precisely by the makers of Indian policy. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 20, 79, 298-99, 363-64. Eor more of McKenney's comparisons of savages to children (for example, the infant King Alfred ruling his realm from a three-legged stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother,", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"<em>Violence in the American Experience,</em>\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would", "quote_start_pos": 69264, "quote_exact": "Violence in the American Experience,", "quoted_text": "Violence in the American Experience,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1637, "quote_prefix": "stool), see 1:78, 82. 26. William Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\"<em> 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (</em>\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish", "quote_start_pos": 69296, "quote_exact": " 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (", "quoted_text": "41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (", "quote_start_page_pos": 1674, "quote_prefix": "Robertson, quoted in Bernard W. Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"<em>Paradise and the Noble Savage,</em>\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have", "quote_start_pos": 69327, "quote_exact": "Paradise and the Noble Savage,", "quoted_text": "Paradise and the Noble Savage,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1706, "quote_prefix": "Shcehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"", "quote_suffix": "\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\"<em> 328), </em>\"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up", "quote_start_pos": 69335, "quote_exact": " 328), ", "quoted_text": "328),", "quote_start_page_pos": 1737, "quote_prefix": "Savage in Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"<em>The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.</em>\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and", "quote_start_pos": 69637, "quote_exact": "The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, un- restrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own speci- fications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.", "quoted_text": "The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, un- restrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own speci- fications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1745, "quote_prefix": "Jeffersonian Thought,\" William and Mary Quarterly, 3d scr., 26 (July 1969): 337. Robertson was an eighteenth-century Scottish man of letters, whose writings on American Indians deeply influenced American perceptions. Lewis Cass, for example, cited Robertson as the foremost authority on the Indian and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\"<em> Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: </em>\"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas", "quote_start_pos": 69696, "quote_exact": " Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: ", "quoted_text": "Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor:", "quote_start_page_pos": 2047, "quote_prefix": "and incorporated Robertson's views wholesale in his own essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"<em>We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.</em>\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble", "quote_start_pos": 69817, "quote_exact": "We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.", "quoted_text": "We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.", "quote_start_page_pos": 2106, "quote_prefix": "essays and reports. See Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience,\" 41. 27. In Sheehan's summary (\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\"<em> </em>\"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\"", "quote_start_pos": 69819, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 2227, "quote_prefix": "Noble Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\"", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"<em>We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil</em>\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969),", "quote_start_pos": 69914, "quote_exact": "We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil", "quoted_text": "We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil", "quote_start_page_pos": 2229, "quote_prefix": "Savage,\" 328), \"The noble savage was . . . untouched by the hands of man. He was impulsive, unrestrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969),", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "restrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\"<em> (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, </em>\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S.", "quote_start_pos": 70295, "quote_exact": " (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, ", "quoted_text": "(IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2324, "quote_prefix": "restrained, unburdened by social conventions. . . . Rather than standing aside from his surroundings, as did the civilized man altering them to his own specifications, the noble savage blended into the surface paradise.\" Indians themselves contributed to the dominant metaphor: \"We love our land, it is our mother, and we do not think anyone would take it from us if we did not wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S.", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"<em>Paradise and the Noble Savage,</em>\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians:", "quote_start_pos": 70326, "quote_exact": "Paradise and the Noble Savage,", "quoted_text": "Paradise and the Noble Savage,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2705, "quote_prefix": "wish to part with it.\" \"We have grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians:", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\"<em> 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian </em>\"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in", "quote_start_pos": 70524, "quote_exact": " 352\u201455; Staugh- ton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian ", "quoted_text": "352\u201455; Staugh- ton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian", "quote_start_page_pos": 2736, "quote_prefix": "grown up as the herbs of the woods, and do not wish to be transplanted to another soil\" (IA 2:230; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Games, 181n). See also Angic Debo, The Road to Disappearance (Norman, Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"<em>in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection</em>\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in", "quote_start_pos": 70587, "quote_exact": "in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection", "quoted_text": "in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection", "quote_start_page_pos": 2934, "quote_prefix": "Okla., 1941), 42-44. 28. The language is Jefferson's; see Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\"<em> (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, </em>\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass],", "quote_start_pos": 70650, "quote_exact": " (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, ", "quoted_text": "(quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2997, "quote_prefix": "Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass],", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"<em>Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,</em>\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review", "quote_start_pos": 70698, "quote_exact": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,", "quoted_text": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3060, "quote_prefix": "Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review", "pages": [25, 25]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\"<em> MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, </em>\"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their", "quote_start_pos": 70955, "quote_exact": " MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, ", "quoted_text": "MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3108, "quote_prefix": "Jefferson (New York, 1944), 210\u201413, 22]. See also Pearce, Savages of America, 152\u201453; Sheehan, \"Paradise and the Noble Savage,\" 352\u201455; Staughton Lynd, Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism (New York, 1969), 85. 29. Parkman, Conspiracy of Pontiac, 63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their", "pages": [25, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"<em>The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,</em>\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on", "quote_start_pos": 71020, "quote_exact": "The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,", "quoted_text": "The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 92, "quote_prefix": "63. According to a 1794 school text, savage freedom kept the Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\"<em> in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], </em>\"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of", "quote_start_pos": 71157, "quote_exact": " in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], ", "quoted_text": "in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass],", "quote_start_page_pos": 157, "quote_prefix": "Indian \"in a state of infancy, weakness, and the greatest imperfection\" (quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 161). 30. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"<em>Removal of the Indians,</em>\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093;", "quote_start_pos": 71181, "quote_exact": "Removal of the Indians,", "quoted_text": "Removal of the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 294, "quote_prefix": "Report of the Secretary of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"", "quote_suffix": "\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093;", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\"<em> North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): </em>\"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838", "quote_start_pos": 71366, "quote_exact": " North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar met- aphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): ", "quoted_text": "North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar met- aphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474):", "quote_start_page_pos": 318, "quote_prefix": "of War for 1831,\" MA 4:714. 31. Pearce, Savages of America, 68\u201470; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 19\u2014 21, 369; R. S. Cotterill, The Southern Indians: The Story of the Civilized Tribes 326 Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"<em>The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.</em>\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit unconscious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the", "quote_start_pos": 71626, "quote_exact": "The hap- piness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.", "quoted_text": "The hap- piness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.", "quote_start_page_pos": 503, "quote_prefix": "Notes to Pages 143-45 Before Removal (Norman, Okla., 1954), 9-11; Wilcomb E. Washburn, \"The Moral and Legal Justification for Dispossessing the Indians,\" in James Morton Smith, ed., Seventeenth-Century American Essays in Colonial History (Chapel Hill, N.C, 1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit unconscious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\"<em> 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit unconscious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the many examples, see Captain Eugene F. Ware, </em>\"The Indian War of 1.864,\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's", "quote_start_pos": 72173, "quote_exact": " 34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit uncon- scious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (Lon- don, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the many examples, see Captain Eugene F. Ware, ", "quoted_text": "34. U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit uncon- scious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (Lon- don, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the many examples, see Captain Eugene F. Ware,", "quote_start_page_pos": 763, "quote_prefix": "1959), 19-23. 32. [Lewis Cass], \"Removal of the Indians,\" North American Review 46 (January 1830): 75. 33. McKenney, Memoirs 1:123-24. A Cherokee version of the familiar metaphor appears in a letter to Secretary of War Calhoun (IA 2:474): \"The happiness which the Indians once enjoyed, by a quiet and undisturbed ease, in their primitive situation, before the face of the white man was seen on this continent, was now poisoned by the bad fruits of the civilized tree which was planted around them.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Indian War of 1.864,\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit unconscious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the many examples, see Captain Eugene F. Ware, \"<em>The Indian War of 1.864,</em>\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps", "quote_start_pos": 72198, "quote_exact": "The Indian War of 1.864,", "quoted_text": "The Indian War of 1.864,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1310, "quote_prefix": "(1829-30): 1093; J.B. Kmney, A Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit unconscious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the many examples, see Captain Eugene F. Ware, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit unconscious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the many examples, see Captain Eugene F. Ware, \"The Indian War of 1.864,\"<em> in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's </em>\"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91.", "quote_start_pos": 72675, "quote_exact": " in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Mal- colm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and An- drew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's ", "quoted_text": "in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Mal- colm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and An- drew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's", "quote_start_page_pos": 1335, "quote_prefix": "Continent Lost, A Civilization Won (Baltimore, 1937), 102, 109. Kinney is quoting from reports of the commissioners of Indian affairs for 1832 (E. H. Herring) and 1838 (T. H. Crawford). This book is an invaluable (albeit unconscious) sourcebook on white efforts to impose private property upon Indians. 35. C. B. McPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964), 53-70, 137-42, passim. 36. Among the many examples, see Captain Eugene F. Ware, \"The Indian War of 1.864,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91.", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"The Indian War of 1.864,\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"<em>tawny serpents</em>\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic", "quote_start_pos": 72690, "quote_exact": "tawny serpents", "quoted_text": "tawny serpents", "quote_start_page_pos": 1812, "quote_prefix": "\"The Indian War of 1.864,\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"", "quote_suffix": "\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1.864,\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\"<em> is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's </em>\"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view,", "quote_start_pos": 72795, "quote_exact": " is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's ", "quoted_text": "is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's", "quote_start_page_pos": 1827, "quote_prefix": "1.864,\" in Wilcomb E. Washburn, ed., The Indian and the White Man (New York, 1964), 284-88. 37. Quoted in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\"", "quote_suffix": "\"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view,", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"<em>ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils</em>\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of", "quote_start_pos": 72851, "quote_exact": "ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils", "quoted_text": "ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils", "quote_start_page_pos": 1932, "quote_prefix": "in James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (Boston, 1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\"<em> (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then </em>\"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions", "quote_start_pos": 73016, "quote_exact": " (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then ", "quoted_text": "(Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then", "quote_start_page_pos": 1988, "quote_prefix": "1863), l:401n. 38. For some variations on the theme, see John K. Mahon, History of the Second Seminole War, 1835-1842 (Gainesville, Fla., 1967), 265-70, 311; Malcolm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\"", "quote_suffix": "\"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "colm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"<em>each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden</em>\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International", "quote_start_pos": 73091, "quote_exact": "each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden", "quoted_text": "each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden", "quote_start_page_pos": 2153, "quote_prefix": "colm J. Rohrbough, The Land Office Business (New York, 1968), 59; and Andrew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "drew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\"<em> (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, </em>\"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements", "quote_start_pos": 73327, "quote_exact": " (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, pre- oedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, ", "quoted_text": "(IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, pre- oedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2228, "quote_prefix": "drew Jackson, in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:451, and MA 1:705. Cotton Mather's \"tawny serpents\" is perhaps the most famous of these epithets. On Indians disturbing the forest paradise, see Parkman's \"ungoverned children, fired with the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"<em>The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,</em>\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic", "quote_start_pos": 73377, "quote_exact": "The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,", "quoted_text": "The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2464, "quote_prefix": "the instincts of devils\" (Conspiracy ofPontiac, 463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\"<em> </em>\"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic", "quote_start_pos": 73379, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 2514, "quote_prefix": "463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"<em>A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,</em>\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia,", "quote_start_pos": 73443, "quote_exact": "A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,", "quoted_text": "A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2516, "quote_prefix": "463), and ibid., 323n, 436\u2014 37. Tennessee governor Joseph McMinn, urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia,", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\"<em> and </em>\"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia,", "quote_start_pos": 73449, "quote_exact": " and ", "quoted_text": "and", "quote_start_page_pos": 2580, "quote_prefix": "urging removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia,", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"<em>Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,</em>\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs", "quote_start_pos": 73503, "quote_exact": "Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,", "quoted_text": "Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2586, "quote_prefix": "removal of the Indians from the old Southwest, explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\"<em> all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, </em>\"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted", "quote_start_pos": 73558, "quote_exact": " all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, ", "quoted_text": "all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2640, "quote_prefix": "explained that then \"each southern and western inhabitant will cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"<em>The Problem of Melancholia,</em>\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew", "quote_start_pos": 73586, "quote_exact": "The Problem of Melancholia,", "quoted_text": "The Problem of Melancholia,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2695, "quote_prefix": "cultivate his own garden of Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\"<em> International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, </em>\"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible", "quote_start_pos": 73669, "quote_exact": " International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (Oc- tober 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, ", "quoted_text": "International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (Oc- tober 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2723, "quote_prefix": "Eden\" (IA 1:856). 39. McKenney, Memoirs 1:112-13. 40. See Fairchild, Noble Savage, 90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"<em>The Construction of Depression,</em>\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would", "quote_start_pos": 73701, "quote_exact": "The Construction of Depression,", "quoted_text": "The Construction of Depression,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2806, "quote_prefix": "90-91. 41. The psychoanalytic literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\"<em> International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, </em>\"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by", "quote_start_pos": 73785, "quote_exact": " Inter- national Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, ", "quoted_text": "Inter- national Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2838, "quote_prefix": "literature on the formation of a primitive, preoedipal superego is extensive and, in my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"<em>Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,</em>\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development", "quote_start_pos": 73844, "quote_exact": "Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,", "quoted_text": "Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2922, "quote_prefix": "my view, convincing. See Melanie Klein, \"The Early Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\"<em> Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): </em>\"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic", "quote_start_pos": 74103, "quote_exact": " Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): ", "quoted_text": "Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140):", "quote_start_page_pos": 2981, "quote_prefix": "Development of Conscience in the Child,\" \"A Contribution to the Psychogenesis of Manic-Depressive States,\" and \"Mourning and Its Relation to Manic-Depressive States,\" all in Contributions of Psychoanalysis; Sandor Rado, \"The Problem of Melancholia,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic", "pages": [26, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"<em>If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.</em>\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that", "quote_start_pos": 74320, "quote_exact": "If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.", "quoted_text": "If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.", "quote_start_page_pos": 141, "quote_prefix": "Journal of Psychoanalysis 9 (October 1928): 420\u201438; George Gero, \"The Construction of Depression,\" International Journal of Psychoanalysis 17 (October 1936): 423\u201461; Annie Reich, \"Early Identifications as Archaic Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\"<em> 44. Klein, </em>\"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in", "quote_start_pos": 74333, "quote_exact": " 44. Klein, ", "quoted_text": "44. Klein,", "quote_start_page_pos": 358, "quote_prefix": "Elements in the Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"<em>Early Development of Conscience,</em>\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than", "quote_start_pos": 74366, "quote_exact": "Early Development of Conscience,", "quoted_text": "Early Development of Conscience,", "quote_start_page_pos": 371, "quote_prefix": "Superego,\" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\"<em> 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be </em>\"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted", "quote_start_pos": 74446, "quote_exact": " 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be ", "quoted_text": "268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be", "quote_start_page_pos": 404, "quote_prefix": "American Psychoanalytic Association 2 (March 1954): 218\u201438. 42. Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"<em>apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope</em>\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547.", "quote_start_pos": 74487, "quote_exact": "apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope", "quoted_text": "apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope", "quote_start_page_pos": 484, "quote_prefix": "Schizophrenia, 224. Notes to Pages 146-48 327 43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547.", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\"<em> and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in </em>\"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew", "quote_start_pos": 75184, "quote_exact": " and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, An- drew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Com- pare Tocqueville's description of America in ", "quoted_text": "and foresaw Russian intervention in the war (/C 2:32, 37). Before the adoption of the Constitution he had been sympathetic to a frontier intrigue to attach the Southwest to Spain, to insure navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, An- drew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Com- pare Tocqueville's description of America in", "quote_start_page_pos": 525, "quote_prefix": "43. McKenney, Memoirs 1:230. Cf. Tennessee senator Felix Grundy (quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:140): \"If I am asked to trace my memory back, and name the first indelible impression it received, it would be the sight of my eldest brother bleeding and dying under the wounds inflicted by the tomahawk and scalping knife.\" 44. Klein, \"Early Development of Conscience,\" 268. 45. For example, during the War of 1812, Jackson feared America would be \"apportioned amonghst the powers of Urope\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"<em>A Fortnight in the Wilds</em>\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99,", "quote_start_pos": 75209, "quote_exact": "A Fortnight in the Wilds", "quoted_text": "A Fortnight in the Wilds", "quote_start_page_pos": 1222, "quote_prefix": "navigation of the Mississippi and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"", "quote_suffix": "\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99,", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\"<em>: </em>\"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99,", "quote_start_pos": 75212, "quote_exact": ": ", "quoted_text": ":", "quote_start_page_pos": 1247, "quote_prefix": "and protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99,", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"<em>A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people</em>\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331,", "quote_start_pos": 75269, "quote_exact": "A na- tion of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people", "quoted_text": "A na- tion of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people", "quote_start_page_pos": 1250, "quote_prefix": "protection from the Indians (see James, Andrew Jackson 1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331,", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\"<em> (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, </em>\"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid.,", "quote_start_pos": 75441, "quote_exact": " (Alexis de Tocqueville, Jour- ney to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, ", "quoted_text": "(Alexis de Tocqueville, Jour- ney to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1307, "quote_prefix": "1:58-61). He also could never convince himself that Aaron Burr in 1806 aimed at anything more than gaining new territory for the United States (ibid. 1:110, 126-38). 46. Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid.,", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"<em>A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,</em>\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims,", "quote_start_pos": 75493, "quote_exact": "A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,", "quoted_text": "A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1479, "quote_prefix": "Quoted in Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:547. 47. James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims,", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\"<em> in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was </em>\"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing", "quote_start_pos": 76097, "quote_exact": " in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:449- 52, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was ", "quoted_text": "in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 183. 48. /Cl:13. 49. 1A 2:735. 50. Cf. George Dangerfield, The Era of Good feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:449- 52, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was", "quote_start_page_pos": 1531, "quote_prefix": "James Hall, coauthor with McKenney of the most important antebellum volumes on the various tribes, quoted in Pearce, Savages of America, 120. Compare Tocqueville's description of America in \"A Fortnight in the Wilds\": \"A nation of conquerors, . . . it is a wandering people\" (Alexis de Tocqueville, Journey to America, ]. P. Mayer, ed. [London, 1959], 339). Southern author William Gilmore Simms, criticizing the United States in 1843, wrote, \"A wandering people is more or less a barbarous one,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"<em>the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.</em>\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples", "quote_start_pos": 76138, "quote_exact": "the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.", "quoted_text": "the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.", "quote_start_page_pos": 2135, "quote_prefix": "feeling (New York, 1952), 151; Abel, History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"", "quote_suffix": "\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\"<em> See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], </em>\"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line", "quote_start_pos": 76277, "quote_exact": " See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], ", "quoted_text": "See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass],", "quote_start_page_pos": 2176, "quote_prefix": "History of Events, 327-29; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:44952, 498-99, 513-15; Silver, Edmund Pendleton Gaines, 192-215; JC 1:331, 396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"<em>Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,</em>\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim,", "quote_start_pos": 76367, "quote_exact": "Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,", "quoted_text": "Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2315, "quote_prefix": "396-97; 2:374-86, 395-98; 5:423-24; 6:278, 290; MA 6:1044-45; FI.S. Halbert and T.H. Ball, The Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"", "quote_suffix": "\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim,", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\"<em> North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, </em>\"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood", "quote_start_pos": 76452, "quote_exact": " North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, ", "quoted_text": "North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2405, "quote_prefix": "Creek War of 1813 and 1814 (Chicago, 1895), 270-72. 51. JC 2:271\u201472. See ibid., p. 245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"<em>Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,</em>\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages", "quote_start_pos": 76501, "quote_exact": "Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,", "quoted_text": "Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2490, "quote_prefix": "245 for an elaborate fantasy of Indian claims, which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\"<em> in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, </em>\"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\"", "quote_start_pos": 76869, "quote_exact": " in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of spec- ulation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, ", "quoted_text": "in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of spec- ulation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2539, "quote_prefix": "which simply reverses the specific progress of white expansionism. The Creek name for settlers was \"the-people-greedily-grasping-after-land.\" See Debo, Road to Disappearance, 54. 52. Thomas Hart Benton for the 1824 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, IA 2:512. 53. [Lewis Cass], \"Policy and Practice of the United States and Great Britain in Their Treatment of Indians,\" North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\"", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"<em>The Evolution of Culture,</em>\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the", "quote_start_pos": 76895, "quote_exact": "The Evolution of Culture,", "quoted_text": "The Evolution of Culture,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2907, "quote_prefix": "North American Review 55 (April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the", "pages": [27, 27]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\"<em> in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all </em>\"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431;", "quote_start_pos": 77151, "quote_exact": " in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all ", "quoted_text": "in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all", "quote_start_page_pos": 2933, "quote_prefix": "(April 1827): 372\u2014 76. 54. Reverend Dr. Joseph Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements and Indian Wars . . . ,\" in Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 271\u201473. 55. Erikson and Roheim suggest that child-rearing practices among some primitive peoples encourage oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431;", "pages": [27, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"<em>bad</em>\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn,", "quote_start_pos": 77155, "quote_exact": "bad", "quoted_text": "bad", "quote_start_page_pos": 166, "quote_prefix": "oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn,", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\"<em> Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, </em>\"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host", "quote_start_pos": 77312, "quote_exact": " Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, ", "quoted_text": "Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles,", "quote_start_page_pos": 170, "quote_prefix": "oral aggression; this would clearly bear on white fears, but my anthropological literacy is far too inadequate for this line of speculation. See Erikson on the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"<em>The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,</em>\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the", "quote_start_pos": 77377, "quote_exact": "The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,", "quoted_text": "The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 327, "quote_prefix": "the Sioux, in Childhood and Society, 127\u201450; Geza Roheim, \"The Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\"<em> Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian </em>\"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524.", "quote_start_pos": 77477, "quote_exact": " Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian ", "quoted_text": "Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian", "quote_start_page_pos": 392, "quote_prefix": "Evolution of Culture,\" in Bruce Mazlish, ed., Psychoanalysis and History (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1963), 72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524.", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"<em>atrocities</em>\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror", "quote_start_pos": 77488, "quote_exact": "atrocities", "quoted_text": "atrocities", "quote_start_page_pos": 492, "quote_prefix": "72-76. 328 Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"", "quote_suffix": "\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\"<em> out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (</em>\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are described in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London,", "quote_start_pos": 77698, "quote_exact": " out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (", "quoted_text": "out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (", "quote_start_page_pos": 503, "quote_prefix": "Notes to Pages 148-49 Some tribes, although generally not those in the Southwest, did engage in torture. But incidents were exaggerated and universalized to all \"bad\" Indians; in many cases tribes had only learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are described in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London,", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"<em>The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited</em>\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are described in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: \"If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound", "quote_start_pos": 77795, "quote_exact": "The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited", "quoted_text": "The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited", "quote_start_page_pos": 713, "quote_prefix": "learned torture from Europeans who tortured them in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. See Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"", "quote_suffix": "\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are described in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: \"If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"<em>); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are described in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: </em>\"If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound to be kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance,", "quote_start_pos": 78217, "quote_exact": "); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of De- bates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are de- scribed in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: ", "quoted_text": "); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of De- bates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are de- scribed in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72:", "quote_start_page_pos": 810, "quote_prefix": "Nathanial Knowles, \"The Torture of Captives by the Indians of Eastern North America,\" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 82 (1940): 151\u2014225. The fascination with Indian \"atrocities\" out of all proportion to their importance served political and, I will argue, psychological functions. 56. For examples, see Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:431; Washburn, The Indian and the White Man, 444 (\"The ferocious creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"", "quote_suffix": "\"If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound to be kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance,", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are described in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: \"<em>If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound to be kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.</em>\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, \"1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman,", "quote_start_pos": 78684, "quote_exact": "If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound to be kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.", "quoted_text": "If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound to be kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1232, "quote_prefix": "creature had tasted blood and could not restrain himself til he could be surfeited\"); IA 1:843; a host of letters reprinted in 1A and MA, Congressional debates in the Register of Debates, etc. 57. IA 1:848; ]C 1:337-38, 488; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:524. The terror and flight of the Illinois militia during Black Hawk's War are described in William Hagen, The Sac and Fox Indians (Norman, Okla., 1958), 158-61. 58. The classic statement is Sigmund Freud, Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, \"1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman,", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: \"If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound to be kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\"<em> 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, </em>\"1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women", "quote_start_pos": 78806, "quote_exact": " 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, ", "quoted_text": "59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1699, "quote_prefix": "Totem and Taboo (London, 1960), 72: \"If one person succeeds in gratifying a repressed desire, the same desire is bound to be kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, \"<em>1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.</em>\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and children, explained, \"As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us,", "quote_start_pos": 78907, "quote_exact": "1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.", "quoted_text": "1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1821, "quote_prefix": "kindled in all the other members of the community. In order to keep the temptation down, the envied transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and children, explained, \"As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us,", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, \"1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\"<em> He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and children, explained, </em>\"As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us, but we were a little too old for them\" (Seymour Dunbar, A History of Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186,", "quote_start_pos": 79336, "quote_exact": " He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Re- moval (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat com- mander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and chil- dren, explained, ", "quoted_text": "He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Re- moval (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat com- mander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and chil- dren, explained,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1922, "quote_prefix": "transgressor must be deprived of the fruit of his enterprise, and the punishment will not infrequently give those who carry it out an opportunity for committing the same outrage under cover of an act of expiation. This is indeed one of the foundations of the human penal system.\" 59. ]C 1:4!6; Debo, Road to Disappearance, 78; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 122. 60. During the Creek War Jackson wrote, \"1 must destroy those deluded victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us, but we were a little too old for them\" (Seymour Dunbar, A History of Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186,", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and children, explained, \"<em>As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us, but we were a little too old for them</em>\" (Seymour Dunbar, A History of Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second", "quote_start_pos": 79445, "quote_exact": "As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us, but we were a little too old for them", "quoted_text": "As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us, but we were a little too old for them", "quote_start_page_pos": 2351, "quote_prefix": "victims doomed to destruction by their own restless and savage conduct.\" He further insisted that all Creeks that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and children, explained, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Seymour Dunbar, A History of Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and children, explained, \"As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us, but we were a little too old for them\"<em> (Seymour Dunbar, A History of Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, </em>\"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has", "quote_start_pos": 79981, "quote_exact": " (Seymour Dunbar, A History of Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Sec- ond Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, ", "quoted_text": "(Seymour Dunbar, A History of Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Sec- ond Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2460, "quote_prefix": "that did not fight with him against the hostiles should be treated as enemies (/C 1:422\u201423). 61. /C 2:238-39; 1:230,500. 62. IA 2:162; MA 1:703;/C 5:468, 512. 63. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 198\u2014300; Grant Foreman, Indian Removal (Norman, Okla., 1942), 342-63. During Black Hawk's War a boat commander, whose crew had fired upon an Indian party, killing women and children, explained, \"As we neared them they raised a white flag and endeavored to decoy us, but we were a little too old for them\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"<em>Notes on the Settlements,</em>\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is", "quote_start_pos": 80007, "quote_exact": "Notes on the Settlements,", "quoted_text": "Notes on the Settlements,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2996, "quote_prefix": "Travel in America, 3 vols. [Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is", "pages": [28, 28]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "[Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\"<em> 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the </em>\"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney,", "quote_start_pos": 80265, "quote_exact": " 273; Par- Notes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jack- sonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the ", "quoted_text": "273; Par- Notes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jack- sonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the", "quote_start_page_pos": 3022, "quote_prefix": "[Indianapolis, 1915], 2:464). 64. /C 2:42, 28-29, repeated 44. 65. The quotes in the text come, in order, from JC 2:386; U.S. Congress, Register of Debates 8 (1831-32): 791; MA 1:720;/C 1:231;/C 2:28-29. The second speaker is Missouri congressman A. H. Buckner; all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney,", "pages": [28, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"<em>sins of the fathers,</em>\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34;", "quote_start_pos": 80286, "quote_exact": "sins of the fathers,", "quoted_text": "sins of the fathers,", "quote_start_page_pos": 247, "quote_prefix": "all the rest are Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34;", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\"<em> contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of </em>\"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the", "quote_start_pos": 80360, "quote_exact": " contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of ", "quoted_text": "contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of", "quote_start_page_pos": 268, "quote_prefix": "Jackson. For still other Jackson variations, see JC 1:186, 225\u201426; MA 1:720; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Alice Doan's Confession\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"<em>Alice Doan's Confession</em>\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and", "quote_start_pos": 80384, "quote_exact": "Alice Doan's Confession", "quoted_text": "Alice Doan's Confession", "quote_start_page_pos": 342, "quote_prefix": "Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"", "quote_suffix": "\" recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\"<em> recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank </em>\"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\" officeholders only wanted \"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly", "quote_start_pos": 80969, "quote_exact": " recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank ", "quoted_text": "recalls a childhood scene in which he stands over the body of his dead father and imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank", "quote_start_page_pos": 366, "quote_prefix": "Jackson 1:213, 426. For other contributions, see Mahon, Second Seminole War, 247\u201448; Doddridge, \"Notes on the Settlements,\" 273; ParNotes to Pages 149-52 329 ton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:546; IA 1 :839, 843; Arthur W. Thompson, Jacksonian Democracy on the Florida Frontier (Gainesville, Fla., 1961), 33. 66. Nathaniel Hawthorne's work, preoccupied with oedipal guilt and the \"sins of the fathers,\" contains an example of Indians as surrogate father killers. The hero of \"Alice Doan's Confession\"", "quote_suffix": "\"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\" officeholders only wanted \"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"<em>devoured the western cities in its jaws,</em>\" officeholders only wanted \"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language", "quote_start_pos": 81010, "quote_exact": "devoured the western cities in its jaws,", "quoted_text": "devoured the western cities in its jaws,", "quote_start_page_pos": 951, "quote_prefix": "imagines he has killed him. In fact he is innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"", "quote_suffix": "\" officeholders only wanted \"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\"<em> officeholders only wanted </em>\"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was", "quote_start_pos": 81038, "quote_exact": " officeholders only wanted ", "quoted_text": "officeholders only wanted", "quote_start_page_pos": 992, "quote_prefix": "innocent; the killing was done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\" officeholders only wanted \"<em>a tit to suck the treasury pap,</em>\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was used only in communications to the", "quote_start_pos": 81072, "quote_exact": "a tit to suck the trea- sury pap,", "quoted_text": "a tit to suck the trea- sury pap,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1020, "quote_prefix": "done by Indians. See Frederick C. Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\" officeholders only wanted \"", "quote_suffix": "\" etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was used only in communications to the", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\" officeholders only wanted \"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\"<em> etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was used only in communications to the Indians, not when whites addressed the problem among themselves. Indeed, Indians themselves often gave the rhetoric its peculiarly American significance. A Cherokee delegation, appealing to President Monroe, was </em>\"confident that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim,", "quote_start_pos": 81790, "quote_exact": " etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was used only in communications to the Indians, not when whites addressed the problem among themselves. Indeed, Indians themselves often gave the rhetoric its peculiarly American significance. A Cherokee delegation, ap- pealing to President Monroe, was ", "quoted_text": "etc. Cf. /C 4:14, 21, 5:52; Bray Hammond, Banks and Politics in America from the Revolution to the Civil War (Princeton, 1957), 259. 69. Jordan, White over Black, 162\u201463; cf. Mahon, Second Seminole War, 125. 70. Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was used only in communications to the Indians, not when whites addressed the problem among themselves. Indeed, Indians themselves often gave the rhetoric its peculiarly American significance. A Cherokee delegation, ap- pealing to President Monroe, was", "quote_start_page_pos": 1054, "quote_prefix": "Crews, The Sins of the Fathers (New York, 1966), 44\u201445. On Indians and American women and children, see Leslie A. Fiedler, The Return of the Vanishing American (New York, 1968), 50-134. 67. McKenney, Memoirs 1:33-34; cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:401-2. 68. See Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American; and Leslie A. Fiedler, Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). The bank \"devoured the western cities in its jaws,\" officeholders only wanted \"a tit to suck the treasury pap,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"confident that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim,", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was used only in communications to the Indians, not when whites addressed the problem among themselves. Indeed, Indians themselves often gave the rhetoric its peculiarly American significance. A Cherokee delegation, appealing to President Monroe, was \"<em>confident that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens</em>\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, \"Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,\" Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia", "quote_start_pos": 82095, "quote_exact": "confident that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens", "quoted_text": "confident that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens", "quote_start_page_pos": 1772, "quote_prefix": "Fiedler, Return of the Vanishing American, 178-79. 71. See Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters (1832): 512\u201459; Kinney, Continent Lost, 9\u201410, passim. 72. IA 2:246. 73. MA 4:4. It would be greatly in error to think that the language of fathers and children was used only in communications to the Indians, not when whites addressed the problem among themselves. Indeed, Indians themselves often gave the rhetoric its peculiarly American significance. A Cherokee delegation, appealing to President Monroe, was \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, \"Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,\" Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "whites addressed the problem among themselves. Indeed, Indians themselves often gave the rhetoric its peculiarly American significance. A Cherokee delegation, appealing to President Monroe, was \"confident that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\"<em> (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, </em>\"Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,\" Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng.,", "quote_start_pos": 82300, "quote_exact": " (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, ", "quoted_text": "(IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2077, "quote_prefix": "whites addressed the problem among themselves. Indeed, Indians themselves often gave the rhetoric its peculiarly American significance. A Cherokee delegation, appealing to President Monroe, was \"confident that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,\" Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng.,", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, \"<em>Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,</em>\" Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 82352, "quote_exact": "Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,", "quoted_text": "Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2282, "quote_prefix": "that his youngest children, as well as our elder brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York,", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, \"Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,\"<em> Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, </em>\"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations", "quote_start_pos": 82952, "quote_exact": " Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stan- ley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Mad- ness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, ", "quoted_text": "Journal of Abnormal Psychiatry 38 (October 1943), and The Informed Heart (Glencoe, III, 1960), 107-263; Stan- ley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Mad- ness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2334, "quote_prefix": "brothers, will equally have a place in his mind, and that protection and measures for the amelioration of our conditions will be pursued until we can rise from our present state of minority to a state of more perfect manhood, and become citizens\" (IA 2:147). 74. On the weakness of paternal authority in the American family, see Tocqueville, Democracy in America 2:202-6. 75. /C2:387n. 76. Among the studies of infantilization, see Bruno Bettelheim, \"Individual and Mass Behavior in Extreme Situations,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"<em>Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,</em>\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even", "quote_start_pos": 83001, "quote_exact": "Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,", "quoted_text": "Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2934, "quote_prefix": "107-263; Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), 81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\"<em> Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, </em>\"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast", "quote_start_pos": 83056, "quote_exact": " Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, ", "quoted_text": "Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2983, "quote_prefix": "81-139; Erving Goffman, Asylums (New York, 1961); Harold F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast", "pages": [29, 29]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"<em>Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,</em>\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more", "quote_start_pos": 83148, "quote_exact": "Psy- 330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,", "quoted_text": "Psy- 330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3038, "quote_prefix": "F. Searles, Collected Papers on Schizophrenia and Related Subjects (New York, 1965), 254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more", "pages": [29, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\"<em> American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, </em>\"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian", "quote_start_pos": 83266, "quote_exact": " American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, ", "quoted_text": "American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk,", "quote_start_page_pos": 87, "quote_prefix": "254-83, 717-51; R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (Middlesex, Eng., 1965), 172-205; R.D. Laing and A. Esterson, Sanity, Madness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"<em>On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,</em>\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220.", "quote_start_pos": 83326, "quote_exact": "On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,", "quoted_text": "On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,", "quote_start_page_pos": 205, "quote_prefix": "ness, and the Family (Middlesex, Eng., 1970); Jules Henry, Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220.", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\"<em> in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: </em>\"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above,", "quote_start_pos": 83496, "quote_exact": " in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: ", "quoted_text": "in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point:", "quote_start_page_pos": 265, "quote_prefix": "Culture Against Man (New York, 1963), 322\u2014474; Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), 276-98; Walter O. Weyrauch, \"Law in Isolation, The Penthouse of Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above,", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"<em>Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself</em>\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its", "quote_start_pos": 83681, "quote_exact": "Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and chil- dren as anything more than a detached part of himself", "quoted_text": "Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and chil- dren as anything more than a detached part of himself", "quote_start_page_pos": 435, "quote_prefix": "Astronaughts,\" Trans-Action (June 1968): 13\u201416; Isidore Ziberstein, \"Psy330 Notes to Page 153 chological Habituation to War: A Socio-Psychological Case Study,\" American Journal of Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\"<em> (</em>\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appear-", "quote_start_pos": 83684, "quote_exact": " (", "quoted_text": "(", "quote_start_page_pos": 620, "quote_prefix": "Ortkopsychiatry 38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appear-", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"<em>Fortnight in the Wilds,</em>\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources;", "quote_start_pos": 83708, "quote_exact": "Fortnight in the Wilds,", "quoted_text": "Fortnight in the Wilds,", "quote_start_page_pos": 623, "quote_prefix": "38 (April 1967): 467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"", "quote_suffix": "\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources;", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\"<em> 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, </em>\"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized", "quote_start_pos": 83852, "quote_exact": " 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, ", "quoted_text": "339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton,", "quote_start_page_pos": 647, "quote_prefix": "467-68. For a magnificent early formulation, see Victor Tausk, \"On the Origins of the Influencing Machine in Schizophrenia,\" in Robert Fliess, ed., The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"<em>Speech on the Oregon Question,</em>\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\"", "quote_start_pos": 83883, "quote_exact": "Speech on the Oregon Question,", "quoted_text": "Speech on the Oregon Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 791, "quote_prefix": "The Psychoanalytic Reader (New York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\"", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\"<em> in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, </em>\"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians", "quote_start_pos": 84304, "quote_exact": " in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appear- ance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, ", "quoted_text": "in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appear- ance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young,", "quote_start_page_pos": 822, "quote_prefix": "York, 1948). 77. Searles, Collected Papers, 40\u201442. Tocqueville's observations about the pioneer are to the point: \"Even his feelings for his family have become merged in a vast egotism and one cannot be sure whether he regards his wife and children as anything more than a detached part of himself\" (\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 339). 78. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Policy in the Formative Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"<em>Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,</em>\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or", "quote_start_pos": 84386, "quote_exact": "Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civi- lized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,", "quoted_text": "Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civi- lized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1243, "quote_prefix": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 220. 79. Thomas Hart Benton, \"Speech on the Oregon Question,\" in C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\"<em> American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, </em>\"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations?", "quote_start_pos": 84464, "quote_exact": " American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, ", "quoted_text": "American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1325, "quote_prefix": "C. Merton Babcock, ed., The American Frontier (New York, 1965), 223. 80. See the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations?", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"<em>Removal of the Indians,</em>\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations? . . . Whose fate do we", "quote_start_pos": 84488, "quote_exact": "Removal of the Indians,", "quoted_text": "Removal of the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1403, "quote_prefix": "the discussion in part 1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations? . . . Whose fate do we", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"<em> 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, </em>\"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations? . . . Whose fate do we lament? The present generation of Indians? They will perish like the present generation of white men. . . . When gentlemen talk of preserving the Indians, what is it that they mean to", "quote_start_pos": 84671, "quote_exact": " 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Rich- ard Wilde began, ", "quoted_text": "64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Rich- ard Wilde began,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1427, "quote_prefix": "1, above, and the references cited in n. 13. The bald argument that agricultural societies could take the land of hunters is stressed in the secondary literature somewhat out of proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations? . . . Whose fate do we lament? The present generation of Indians? They will perish like the present generation of white men. . . . When gentlemen talk of preserving the Indians, what is it that they mean to", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"<em>we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.</em>\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations? . . . Whose fate do we lament? The present generation of Indians? They will perish like the present generation of white men. . . . When gentlemen talk of preserving the Indians, what is it that they mean to preserve? Is it their mode of l ife? No. You intend to convert them from hunters to agriculturalists", "quote_start_pos": 84766, "quote_exact": "we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.", "quoted_text": "we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1610, "quote_prefix": "proportion to its appearance in the sources; 1 may have, in retribution, slighted it here. A good, compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations? . . . Whose fate do we lament? The present generation of Indians? They will perish like the present generation of white men. . . . When gentlemen talk of preserving the Indians, what is it that they mean to preserve? Is it their mode of l ife? No. You intend to convert them from hunters to agriculturalists", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\"<em> He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of nations? . . . Whose fate do we lament? The present generation of Indians? They will perish like the present generation of white men. . . . When gentlemen talk of preserving the Indians, what is it that they mean to preserve? Is it their mode of l ife? No. You intend to convert them from hunters to agriculturalists or herdsmen. Is it their barbarous laws and customs? No. You promise to furnish them with a code, and prevail upon them to adopt habits like your own. Their language? No. You intend to supersede their imperfect jargon by teaching them your own rich, copious, energetic tongue. Their religion? No. You intend to convert them from their miserable and horrible superstitions to the mild and cheering doctrines of Christianity. What is it, then, that constitutes Indian individuality\u2014the identity of that race which gentlemen are so anxious to preserve? Is it the mere copper color of the skin, which marks them\u2014according to your prejudices at least\u2014an inferior\u2014a conquered and degraded race? But alas! The Indians melt away before the white man, like snow before the sun! Well, sir! Would you keep the snow and lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, </em>\"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which", "quote_start_pos": 86169, "quote_exact": " He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of na- tions? . . . Whose fate do we lament? The present generation of Indians? They will perish like the present generation of white men. . . . When gentlemen talk of preserving the Indians, what is it that they mean to pre- serve? Is it their mode of l ife? No. You intend to convert them from hunters to agri- culturalists or herdsmen. Is it their barbarous laws and customs? No. You promise to furnish them with a code, and prevail upon them to adopt habits like your own. Their language? No. You intend to supersede their imperfect jargon by teaching them your own rich, copious, energetic tongue. Their religion? No. You intend to convert them from their miserable and horrible superstitions to the mild and cheering doctrines of Christianity. What is it, then, that constitutes Indian individuality\u2014the identity of that race which gentlemen are so anxious to preserve? Is it the mere copper color of the skin, which marks them\u2014according to your prejudices at least\u2014an inferior\u2014a conquered and degraded race? But alas! The Indians melt away before the white man, like snow before the sun! Well, sir! Would you keep the snow and lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, ", "quoted_text": "He concluded: But the race of Indians will perish! Yes sir! The Indians of this continent, like all other men, savage or civilized, must perish. . . . What is history but the obituary of na- tions? . . . Whose fate do we lament? The present generation of Indians? They will perish like the present generation of white men. . . . When gentlemen talk of preserving the Indians, what is it that they mean to pre- serve? Is it their mode of l ife? No. You intend to convert them from hunters to agri- culturalists or herdsmen. Is it their barbarous laws and customs? No. You promise to furnish them with a code, and prevail upon them to adopt habits like your own. Their language? No. You intend to supersede their imperfect jargon by teaching them your own rich, copious, energetic tongue. Their religion? No. You intend to convert them from their miserable and horrible superstitions to the mild and cheering doctrines of Christianity. What is it, then, that constitutes Indian individuality\u2014the identity of that race which gentlemen are so anxious to preserve? Is it the mere copper color of the skin, which marks them\u2014according to your prejudices at least\u2014an inferior\u2014a conquered and degraded race? But alas! The Indians melt away before the white man, like snow before the sun! Well, sir! Would you keep the snow and lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1705, "quote_prefix": "compact discussion is Mary E. Young, \"Indian Removal and Land Allotment: The Civilized Tribes and Jacksonian Justice,\" American Historical Review 64 (October 1958): 37-38. 81. For example, Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 64, 77. 82. A southern congressman tellingly exploited the logic of the sentimental friends of the Indians. Taking direct control of Indian land, Congressman Richard Wilde began, \"we should become their real benefactors; and we should perform the office of the great father.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "cheering doctrines of Christianity. What is it, then, that constitutes Indian individuality\u2014the identity of that race which gentlemen are so anxious to preserve? Is it the mere copper color of the skin, which marks them\u2014according to your prejudices at least\u2014an inferior\u2014a conquered and degraded race? But alas! The Indians melt away before the white man, like snow before the sun! Well, sir! Would you keep the snow and lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, \"<em>First Annual Message,</em>\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should", "quote_start_pos": 86191, "quote_exact": "First Annual Message,", "quoted_text": "First Annual Message,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3108, "quote_prefix": "cheering doctrines of Christianity. What is it, then, that constitutes Indian individuality\u2014the identity of that race which gentlemen are so anxious to preserve? Is it the mere copper color of the skin, which marks them\u2014according to your prejudices at least\u2014an inferior\u2014a conquered and degraded race? But alas! The Indians melt away before the white man, like snow before the sun! Well, sir! Would you keep the snow and lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should", "pages": [30, 30]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Christianity. What is it, then, that constitutes Indian individuality\u2014the identity of that race which gentlemen are so anxious to preserve? Is it the mere copper color of the skin, which marks them\u2014according to your prejudices at least\u2014an inferior\u2014a conquered and degraded race? But alas! The Indians melt away before the white man, like snow before the sun! Well, sir! Would you keep the snow and lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\"<em> in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, </em>\"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\" \"Castrated,\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired", "quote_start_pos": 86584, "quote_exact": " in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dan- gerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to ag- Notes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advanc- ing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, ", "quoted_text": "in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dan- gerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to ag- Notes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advanc- ing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3130, "quote_prefix": "Christianity. What is it, then, that constitutes Indian individuality\u2014the identity of that race which gentlemen are so anxious to preserve? Is it the mere copper color of the skin, which marks them\u2014according to your prejudices at least\u2014an inferior\u2014a conquered and degraded race? But alas! The Indians melt away before the white man, like snow before the sun! Well, sir! Would you keep the snow and lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\" \"Castrated,\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired", "pages": [30, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"<em>The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.</em>\" \"Castrated,\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins,", "quote_start_pos": 86795, "quote_exact": "The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.", "quoted_text": "The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.", "quote_start_page_pos": 200, "quote_prefix": "lose the sun? See Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 1088, 1103. 83. Andrew Jackson, \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 84. Thomas Jefferson to Indian agent Benjamin Hawkins, quoted in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Castrated,\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins,", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\"<em> </em>\"Castrated,\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins,", "quote_start_pos": 86797, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 411, "quote_prefix": "in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Castrated,\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins,", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\" \"<em>Castrated,</em>\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce,", "quote_start_pos": 86808, "quote_exact": "Castrated,", "quoted_text": "Castrated,", "quote_start_page_pos": 413, "quote_prefix": "in Dangerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce,", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "gerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\" \"Castrated,\"<em> to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, </em>\"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison", "quote_start_pos": 87427, "quote_exact": " to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, ", "quoted_text": "to use Dangerfield's word, the Indians could safely merge with the whites. 85. From an 1834 pamphlet by Joel R. Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington,", "quote_start_page_pos": 424, "quote_prefix": "gerfield, Era of Good Peeling, 27. Jefferson advocated that Indians turn to agNotes to Pages 153-56 331 riculture, so they would need less land and could cede the excess to the advancing whites. In the sentence immediately preceding the one quoted in the text, he explained, \"The wisdom of the animal which amputates and abandons to the hunter those parts for which he is pursued should be theirs, with this difference, that the former sacrifices what is useful, the latter what is not.\" \"Castrated,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"<em>The Bases of Accommodation,</em>\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used,", "quote_start_pos": 87455, "quote_exact": "The Bases of Accommodation,", "quoted_text": "The Bases of Accommodation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1043, "quote_prefix": "Poinsett, later Van Buren's secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used,", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\"<em> Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, </em>\"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General", "quote_start_pos": 87615, "quote_exact": " Foreign Af- fairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, ", "quoted_text": "Foreign Af- fairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1071, "quote_prefix": "secretary of war, quoted in Ekirch, Idea of Progress, 43\u201444. 86. It was said that Indians wanted to remain savage and therefore desired to separate themselves from whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"<em>Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,</em>\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners", "quote_start_pos": 87675, "quote_exact": "Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,", "quoted_text": "Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1231, "quote_prefix": "whites. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow explicitly presented Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\"<em> in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. </em>\"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA", "quote_start_pos": 87756, "quote_exact": " in James Q. Wil- son, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. ", "quoted_text": "in James Q. Wil- son, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1291, "quote_prefix": "Hiawatha as part of America's childhood; his willingness to go west showed Indians would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"<em>Second Annual Message to Congress,</em>\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events,", "quote_start_pos": 87791, "quote_exact": "Second Annual Message to Congress,", "quoted_text": "Second Annual Message to Congress,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1372, "quote_prefix": "would not resist progress. Cf. Young, Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events,", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\"<em> 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. </em>\"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little", "quote_start_pos": 88432, "quote_exact": " 6 December 1830, in Richard- son, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccess- fully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. ", "quoted_text": "6 December 1830, in Richard- son, Messages and Papers 2:521. Cf. Lewis Cass's 1831 report as secretary of war, MA 4:714. The comparison with white emigration was used, unsuccess- fully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1407, "quote_prefix": "Redskins, 47-51; Pcarce, Savages of America, 173\u201474. 87. IA 2:115. 88. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 3:779. 89. Cf. Samuel Huntington, \"The Bases of Accommodation,\" Foreign Affairs 46 (July 1968): 648-52; Chomsky, American Power, 11-13, 21, 53-56; Herbert Cans, The Urban Villagers (New York, 1962), 269-336; Marc Fried, \"Grieving for a Lost Llome: Psychological Costs of Relation,\" in James Q. Wilson, cd., Urban Renewal (Cambridge, Mass., 1966), 359\u201479. 90. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"<em>Second Annual Message to Congress,</em>\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph", "quote_start_pos": 88467, "quote_exact": "Second Annual Message to Congress,", "quoted_text": "Second Annual Message to Congress,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2048, "quote_prefix": "white emigration was used, unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\"<em> 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, </em>\"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to", "quote_start_pos": 88755, "quote_exact": " 6 December 1830, in Richard- son, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, ", "quoted_text": "6 December 1830, in Richard- son, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2083, "quote_prefix": "unsuccessfully, to convince several tribes to move west. Cf. Jackson's 1830 talk to the Chickasaws, in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575\u201477; Jackson and General Thomas Hinds to the Choctaws, 1820, IA 2:235: Indian Commissioners to Cherokees, 1823, IA 2:430; Commissioners to Chickasaws, 1826, IA 2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"<em>Removal of the Indians,</em>\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's", "quote_start_pos": 88779, "quote_exact": "Removal of the Indians,", "quoted_text": "Removal of the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2371, "quote_prefix": "2:720. 91. Abel, History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"<em> 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, </em>\"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the", "quote_start_pos": 88838, "quote_exact": " 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, ", "quoted_text": "75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2395, "quote_prefix": "History of Events, 244. 92. This was common; some tribes were moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"<em>Removal of the Indians,</em>\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent", "quote_start_pos": 88862, "quote_exact": "Removal of the Indians,", "quoted_text": "Removal of the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2454, "quote_prefix": "moved several times in a single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"<em> 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, </em>\"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek", "quote_start_pos": 89074, "quote_exact": " 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, ", "quoted_text": "75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2478, "quote_prefix": "single generation. See ibid., 267; Hagan, American Indians, 81\u201487. 93. \"Second Annual Message to Congress,\" 6 December 1830, in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:522. At other moments Jackson knew full well the problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"<em>Policy and Practice,</em>\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623.", "quote_start_pos": 89095, "quote_exact": "Policy and Practice,", "quoted_text": "Policy and Practice,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2690, "quote_prefix": "problem lay in the peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623.", "pages": [31, 31]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\"<em> 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since </em>\"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson", "quote_start_pos": 89467, "quote_exact": " 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com- 332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since ", "quoted_text": "382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com- 332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since", "quote_start_page_pos": 2711, "quote_prefix": "peculiar Indian attachment to his land. Cf. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 1:433; and Florida governor Duval, quoted in Mahon, Second Seminole War, 53. 94. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 95. IA 2:720. 96. McKenney, Memoirs 1:124. 97. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 75. 98. IA 2:114. This argument was tried on the Indians, with little success. Tennessee governor Joseph McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson", "pages": [31, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"<em>no savage</em>\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson", "quote_start_pos": 89477, "quote_exact": "no savage", "quoted_text": "no savage", "quote_start_page_pos": 175, "quote_prefix": "McMmn to the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"", "quote_suffix": "\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\"<em> could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, </em>\"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson", "quote_start_pos": 89706, "quote_exact": " could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, ", "quoted_text": "could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 185, "quote_prefix": "the Cherokees, IA 2:487; Secretary of War John C. Calhoun to the Cherokees, IA 2:190. 99. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 382. 100. IA 2:26-27. 101. See Hagan, American Indians, 130\u201450; Kinncy, Continent Lost, 81 \u2014 311; Young, Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"<em>Policy and Practice,</em>\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15;", "quote_start_pos": 89727, "quote_exact": "Policy and Practice,", "quoted_text": "Policy and Practice,", "quote_start_page_pos": 414, "quote_prefix": "Redskins, 12-114. 102. When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15;", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\"<em> 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the </em>\"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also", "quote_start_pos": 90098, "quote_exact": " 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the ", "quoted_text": "417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the", "quote_start_page_pos": 435, "quote_prefix": "When the Creek chiefs refused to meet privately with Georgia's com332 Notes to Pages 156-60 missioners during the investigation of a fraudulent treaty, the commissioners insisted federal officials must be behind the Indians' refusal, since \"no savage\" could have thought it up on his own (IA 2:833). 103. Lewis Cass on the origins of the Second Creek War, in MA 6:623. He gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"<em>trial</em>\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid.", "quote_start_pos": 90104, "quote_exact": "trial", "quoted_text": "trial", "quote_start_page_pos": 806, "quote_prefix": "gives the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid.", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\"<em> of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him </em>\"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114.", "quote_start_pos": 90403, "quote_exact": " of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him ", "quoted_text": "of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him", "quote_start_page_pos": 812, "quote_prefix": "the same explanation for Black Hawk's War in the Northwest in his 1832 report (MA 6:623). 104. Cass, \"Policy and Practice,\" 417-20. 105. JC 2:243-44, 300-304. 106. JC 2:269. 107. Saint Louis superintendent of Indian affairs William Clark, quoted in Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 84\u201485; JC 1:368. 108. JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114.", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"<em>the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution</em>\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement", "quote_start_pos": 90554, "quote_exact": "the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution", "quoted_text": "the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution", "quote_start_page_pos": 1111, "quote_prefix": "JC 1:209. Cf. ibid. 1:365-66. 109. Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:485. Jackson invaded Florida on the pretext of an Indian war, to gain the territory for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\"<em> (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. </em>\"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford,", "quote_start_pos": 90700, "quote_exact": " (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. ", "quoted_text": "(/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1262, "quote_prefix": "for the United States. That story and the \"trial\" of Ambrister and Arbuthnot are reported in James, Andrew Jackson 1:300-330; Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\"", "quote_suffix": "\"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford,", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"<em>This plain language of truth,</em>\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115.", "quote_start_pos": 90730, "quote_exact": "This plain language of truth,", "quoted_text": "This plain language of truth,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1408, "quote_prefix": "Andrew Jackson 2:463-85, 513-15; JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115.", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\"<em> as he put it, </em>\"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116.", "quote_start_pos": 90746, "quote_exact": " as he put it, ", "quoted_text": "as he put it,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1438, "quote_prefix": "JC 2:365; MA 1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116.", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"<em>has brought them to their senses</em>\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson,", "quote_start_pos": 90779, "quote_exact": "has brought them to their senses", "quoted_text": "has brought them to their senses", "quote_start_page_pos": 1454, "quote_prefix": "1:700. 110. Jackson in MA 1:697. Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson,", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\"<em> (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, </em>\"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and", "quote_start_pos": 90910, "quote_exact": " (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, ", "quoted_text": "(JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1487, "quote_prefix": "Preparing to seize a Spanish fort on his earlier Florida invasion, Jackson had written to the Pensacola governor, calling him \"the Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"<em>Removal of the Indians,</em>\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chicka-", "quote_start_pos": 90934, "quote_exact": "Removal of the Indians,", "quoted_text": "Removal of the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1618, "quote_prefix": "Head which countenanced and exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chicka-", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"<em> 80, 121. </em>\"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826,", "quote_start_pos": 90945, "quote_exact": " 80, 121. ", "quoted_text": "80, 121.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1642, "quote_prefix": "exalted the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826,", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"<em>We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,</em>\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the", "quote_start_pos": 91014, "quote_exact": "We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,", "quoted_text": "We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1653, "quote_prefix": "the barbarity. He is the responsible person, and not the poor savage whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\"<em> Cass explained, </em>\"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the Cherokees are a", "quote_start_pos": 91032, "quote_exact": " Cass explained, ", "quoted_text": "Cass explained,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1722, "quote_prefix": "whom he makes his instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the Cherokees are a", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"<em>and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained</em>\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the Cherokees are a good example. He had included 10 million acres of Cherokee land in a treaty coerced from the Creeks in 1814. He had his friend John Coffee run the boundary", "quote_start_pos": 91187, "quote_exact": "and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained", "quoted_text": "and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained", "quote_start_page_pos": 1740, "quote_prefix": "instrument of execution\" (/C2:28). 111. /C2:154. 112. JC 2:278-80; also ibid. 3:31-32, 38; Prucha, American Indian Policy, 234-36; Abel, History of Events, 276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the Cherokees are a good example. He had included 10 million acres of Cherokee land in a treaty coerced from the Creeks in 1814. He had his friend John Coffee run the boundary", "pages": [32, 32]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\"<em> (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chickasaws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the Cherokees are a good example. He had included 10 million acres of Cherokee land in a treaty coerced from the Creeks in 1814. He had his friend John Coffee run the boundary line without authorization from Washington. Then he encouraged intruders to settle on the Cherokee land, while the secretary of war was ordering it returned to the tribe. Notes to Pages 160-62 333 Jackson resisted orders to remove the intruders, encouraged them to stay, and aimed, ultimately successfully, to use their presence to force the Cherokees to sell. But his posture was one of kindness to the Indians. They must be made to see, if they do not sell their land, </em>\"what is really to be feared, that is, their own destruction by an irritated people\" (]C 2:252-53; Abel, History of Events, 278-81). 123. McKenney, Memoirs 1:78. The passage continues, There were flowers and gems which needed only to be cultivated and polished, to ensure from the one, the emission of as sweet odors as ever regaled the circles of the civilized. . . . And yet they were, and are, neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling", "quote_start_pos": 92161, "quote_exact": " (quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chicka- saws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the Cherokees are a good example. He had included 10 million acres of Cherokee land in a treaty coerced from the Creeks in 1814. He had his friend John Coffee run the boundary line without authorization from Washington. Then he encouraged intruders to settle on the Cherokee land, while the secretary of war was ordering it returned to the tribe. Notes to Pages 160-62 333 Jackson resisted orders to remove the intruders, encouraged them to stay, and aimed, ultimately successfully, to use their presence to force the Cherokees to sell. But his posture was one of kindness to the Indians. They must be made to see, if they do not sell their land, ", "quoted_text": "(quoted in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 143). 115. MA 6:446. 116. JC 2:388; 3:351. 117. Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:517\u201420, 523. 118. IA 2:408. 119. Cf. Goffman, Asy/wms, 318-20. 120. For example, Generals Thomas Hinds and John Coffee to the Chicka- saws, 1826, in IA 2:723. 121. IA 2:436. 122. Jackson's early relations with the Cherokees are a good example. He had included 10 million acres of Cherokee land in a treaty coerced from the Creeks in 1814. He had his friend John Coffee run the boundary line without authorization from Washington. Then he encouraged intruders to settle on the Cherokee land, while the secretary of war was ordering it returned to the tribe. Notes to Pages 160-62 333 Jackson resisted orders to remove the intruders, encouraged them to stay, and aimed, ultimately successfully, to use their presence to force the Cherokees to sell. But his posture was one of kindness to the Indians. They must be made to see, if they do not sell their land,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1895, "quote_prefix": "276-85. 113. \"This plain language of truth,\" as he put it, \"has brought them to their senses\" (JC 2:387-88, on the Chickasaw treaty of 1818). Cf. the report of the 1820 Choctaw treaty proceedings in IA 2:237-41. 114. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 80, 121. \"We must frequently promote their interest against their inclination,\" Cass explained, \"and no plan for the improvement of their condition will ever be practicable or efficacious, to the promotion of which their consent must first be obtained\"", "quote_suffix": "\"what is really to be feared, that is, their own destruction by an irritated people\" (]C 2:252-53; Abel, History of Events, 278-81). 123. McKenney, Memoirs 1:78. The passage continues, There were flowers and gems which needed only to be cultivated and polished, to ensure from the one, the emission of as sweet odors as ever regaled the circles of the civilized. . . . And yet they were, and are, neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling", "pages": [32, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "John Coffee run the boundary line without authorization from Washington. Then he encouraged intruders to settle on the Cherokee land, while the secretary of war was ordering it returned to the tribe. Notes to Pages 160-62 333 Jackson resisted orders to remove the intruders, encouraged them to stay, and aimed, ultimately successfully, to use their presence to force the Cherokees to sell. But his posture was one of kindness to the Indians. They must be made to see, if they do not sell their land, \"<em>what is really to be feared, that is, their own destruction by an irritated people</em>\" (]C 2:252-53; Abel, History of Events, 278-81). 123. McKenney, Memoirs 1:78. The passage continues, There were flowers and gems which needed only to be cultivated and polished, to ensure from the one, the emission of as sweet odors as ever regaled the circles of the civilized. . . . And yet they were, and are, neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great", "quote_start_pos": 92244, "quote_exact": "what is really to be feared, that is, their own destruction by an irritated people", "quoted_text": "what is really to be feared, that is, their own destruction by an irritated people", "quote_start_page_pos": 301, "quote_prefix": "John Coffee run the boundary line without authorization from Washington. Then he encouraged intruders to settle on the Cherokee land, while the secretary of war was ordering it returned to the tribe. Notes to Pages 160-62 333 Jackson resisted orders to remove the intruders, encouraged them to stay, and aimed, ultimately successfully, to use their presence to force the Cherokees to sell. But his posture was one of kindness to the Indians. They must be made to see, if they do not sell their land, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (]C 2:252-53; Abel, History of Events, 278-81). 123. McKenney, Memoirs 1:78. The passage continues, There were flowers and gems which needed only to be cultivated and polished, to ensure from the one, the emission of as sweet odors as ever regaled the circles of the civilized. . . . And yet they were, and are, neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "encouraged intruders to settle on the Cherokee land, while the secretary of war was ordering it returned to the tribe. Notes to Pages 160-62 333 Jackson resisted orders to remove the intruders, encouraged them to stay, and aimed, ultimately successfully, to use their presence to force the Cherokees to sell. But his posture was one of kindness to the Indians. They must be made to see, if they do not sell their land, \"what is really to be feared, that is, their own destruction by an irritated people\"<em> (]C 2:252-53; Abel, History of Events, 278-81). 123. McKenney, Memoirs 1:78. The passage continues, There were flowers and gems which needed only to be cultivated and polished, to ensure from the one, the emission of as sweet odors as ever regaled the circles of the civilized. . . . And yet they were, and are, neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. </em>\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under", "quote_start_pos": 93056, "quote_exact": " (]C 2:252-53; Abel, History of Events, 278-81). 123. McKenney, Memoirs 1:78. The passage continues, There were flowers and gems which needed only to be cultivated and polished, to ensure from the one, the emission of as sweet odors as ever regaled the circles of the civilized. . . . And yet they were, and are, neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. ", "quoted_text": "(]C 2:252-53; Abel, History of Events, 278-81). 123. McKenney, Memoirs 1:78. The passage continues, There were flowers and gems which needed only to be cultivated and polished, to ensure from the one, the emission of as sweet odors as ever regaled the circles of the civilized. . . . And yet they were, and are, neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127.", "quote_start_page_pos": 384, "quote_prefix": "encouraged intruders to settle on the Cherokee land, while the secretary of war was ordering it returned to the tribe. Notes to Pages 160-62 333 Jackson resisted orders to remove the intruders, encouraged them to stay, and aimed, ultimately successfully, to use their presence to force the Cherokees to sell. But his posture was one of kindness to the Indians. They must be made to see, if they do not sell their land, \"what is really to be feared, that is, their own destruction by an irritated people\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"<em>Annual Report of the Secretary of War,</em>\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet", "quote_start_pos": 93095, "quote_exact": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quoted_text": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1196, "quote_prefix": "neglected, trodden down, and treated as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"<em> 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the </em>\"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid", "quote_start_pos": 93198, "quote_exact": " 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the ", "quoted_text": "30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the", "quote_start_page_pos": 1235, "quote_prefix": "as outcasts! At twelve o'clock on Monday, the signal gun for assembling of the council was fired\u2014when were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"<em>exertion of our military power,</em>\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\"", "quote_start_pos": 93230, "quote_exact": "exertion of our military power,", "quoted_text": "exertion of our military power,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1338, "quote_prefix": "were seen coming from all directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\"", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\"<em> as opposed to </em>\"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\" 130. Register of", "quote_start_pos": 93246, "quote_exact": " as opposed to ", "quoted_text": "as opposed to", "quote_start_page_pos": 1370, "quote_prefix": "directions, the great multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\" 130. Register of", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"<em>feeding their avarice</em>\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\" 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30):", "quote_start_pos": 93268, "quote_exact": "feeding their avarice", "quoted_text": "feeding their avarice", "quote_start_page_pos": 1386, "quote_prefix": "multitude of the sons of the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\" 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30):", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\"<em> (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. </em>\"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\" 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 325. 131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in", "quote_start_pos": 93540, "quote_exact": " (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. ", "quoted_text": "(]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1408, "quote_prefix": "the forest, to hear what their father had to say to them. 124. Ibid. 2:109-17. 125. John Henry Eaton, The Life of Andrew Jackson (Philadelphia, 1824), 436\u201437. Eaton himself subsequently adopted an Indian boy. See Peggy Eaton, Autobiography (New York, 1932), 162-68. 126. IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\"", "quote_suffix": "\"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\" 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 325. 131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"<em>We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.</em>\" 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 325. 131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child", "quote_start_pos": 93730, "quote_exact": "We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.", "quoted_text": "We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1680, "quote_prefix": "IA 2:264. 127. \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 30 November 1829, in MA 4:154-55. 128. IA 2:161. Jackson stressed the benefits to the Indians of the \"exertion of our military power,\" as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 325. 131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\"<em> 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 325. 131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child metaphor. Missionary Jeremiah Evarts's </em>\"William Penn\" letters sparked the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity", "quote_start_pos": 94273, "quote_exact": " 130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 325. 131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional descrip- tion of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child metaphor. Missionary Jeremiah Evarts's ", "quoted_text": "130. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 325. 131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional descrip- tion of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child metaphor. Missionary Jeremiah Evarts's", "quote_start_page_pos": 1870, "quote_prefix": "as opposed to \"feeding their avarice\" (]C 5:507). 129. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:461. Jackson and General Hinds, in their 1820 talk to the Choctaws (IA 2:237), warned that if the tribe refused to remove across the Mississippi, it would inevitably disintegrate. Some would join America's enemies. \"We would be under the necessity of raising the hatchet against our own friends and children. Your father, the President of the United States, wishes to avoid this unnatural state of things.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"William Penn\" letters sparked the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child metaphor. Missionary Jeremiah Evarts's \"<em>William Penn</em>\" letters sparked the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world", "quote_start_pos": 94286, "quote_exact": "William Penn", "quoted_text": "William Penn", "quote_start_page_pos": 2413, "quote_prefix": "131. McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child metaphor. Missionary Jeremiah Evarts's \"", "quote_suffix": "\" letters sparked the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child metaphor. Missionary Jeremiah Evarts's \"William Penn\"<em> letters sparked the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See </em>\"William Penn,\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a", "quote_start_pos": 94805, "quote_exact": " letters sparked the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts ac- cused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, inde- pendent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father en- forcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See ", "quoted_text": "letters sparked the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts ac- cused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, inde- pendent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father en- forcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See", "quote_start_page_pos": 2426, "quote_prefix": "McKenney, Memoirs 2:121. For similar humiliations of Indian chiefs, see Cotterill, Southern Indians, 129, and the description of Black Hawk's tour of the East in captivity, in Woodford, Lewis Cass, 176. Cf. the fictional description of a child's punishment in an 1835 best-seller analyzed in Bernard Wishy, The Child and the Republic (Philadelphia, 1968), 44-49. 132. Only one political figure of the period, to my knowledge, rejected the parent-child metaphor. Missionary Jeremiah Evarts's \"William Penn\"", "quote_suffix": "\"William Penn,\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"<em>William Penn,</em>\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in", "quote_start_pos": 94819, "quote_exact": "William Penn,", "quoted_text": "William Penn,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2945, "quote_prefix": "the opposition to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in", "pages": [33, 33]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"William Penn,\"<em> Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, </em>\"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in 1824, IA 2:574. 135. Jackson, in /C 2:299, 300-304. This is Jackson's earliest use of the rhetoric of Jacksonian democracy, attacking leaders in the name of the people. Note the metaphors of independence vs. oral dependence. See also n. 68, above.", "quote_start_pos": 95067, "quote_exact": " Present Crisis in the Con- dition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, ", "quoted_text": "Present Crisis in the Con- dition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2959, "quote_prefix": "to the Indian removal bill. In this pamphlet Evarts accused the whites of imposing the language of great white fathers and little red children on the Indians to avoid dealing with the tribes as autonomous, independent societies. The pamphlet ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"William Penn,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in 1824, IA 2:574. 135. Jackson, in /C 2:299, 300-304. This is Jackson's earliest use of the rhetoric of Jacksonian democracy, attacking leaders in the name of the people. Note the metaphors of independence vs. oral dependence. See also n. 68, above.", "pages": [33, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"William Penn,\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"<em>Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,</em>\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in 1824, IA 2:574. 135. Jackson, in /C 2:299, 300-304. This is Jackson's earliest use of the rhetoric of Jacksonian democracy, attacking leaders in the name of the people. Note the metaphors of independence vs. oral dependence. See also n. 68, above. 136. Quoted in Edwin C. McReynolds, The Seminoles", "quote_start_pos": 95117, "quote_exact": "Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,", "quoted_text": "Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,", "quote_start_page_pos": 63, "quote_prefix": "ends with an equally unique appeal to the law. Evarts personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"William Penn,\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in 1824, IA 2:574. 135. Jackson, in /C 2:299, 300-304. This is Jackson's earliest use of the rhetoric of Jacksonian democracy, attacking leaders in the name of the people. Note the metaphors of independence vs. oral dependence. See also n. 68, above. 136. Quoted in Edwin C. McReynolds, The Seminoles", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"William Penn,\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\"<em> Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in 1824, IA 2:574. 135. Jackson, in /C 2:299, 300-304. This is Jackson's earliest use of the rhetoric of Jacksonian democracy, attacking leaders in the name of the people. Note the metaphors of independence vs. oral dependence. See also n. 68, above. 136. Quoted in Edwin C. McReynolds, The Seminoles (Norman, Okla., 1957), 195. 137. John H. Eaton, Jackson's first secretary of war, told the commissioners sent to the Cherokees to keep their identities secret at first. There is no doubt, however, but that the mass of people would be glad to emigrate; and there is no little doubt that they are kept from this exercise of their choice by their chiefs and other interested and influential men. . . . [It is necessary] to break the power that is warring with their best interests. . . . The best resort is believed to be that which is embraced in an appeal to the chiefs and influential men, not together, but apart, at their own houses, and by a proper exposition of their real condition, rouse them to think of that; whilst offers to them of extensive reservations in fee simple, and other rewards, would, it is hoped, result in obtaining their acquiescence. The plan failed here, and ultimately the Cherokees\u2014many in chains\u2014were removed by military force. But similar efforts succeeded with other tribes. Eaton's letter is quoted by Senator Theodore Frelinghuysen in Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 310. 138. Cf. Abel, History of Events, 387; Marion L. Starkey, The Cherokee Nation (New York, 1946), 150. 139. See Cass, in MA 6:590; and, for the whole monstrous story, Young, Redskins; Foreman, Indian Removal, 118-83; MA 6:575-780. 140. Quoted in Dangerfield, E,ra of Good Feeling, 27; another Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on </em>\"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority", "quote_start_pos": 97433, "quote_exact": " Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in 1824, IA 2:574. 135. Jackson, in /C 2:299, 300-304. This is Jackson's earliest use of the rhetoric of Jacksonian democracy, attacking leaders in the name of the people. Note the metaphors of independence vs. oral dependence. See also n. 68, above. 136. Quoted in Edwin C. McReynolds, The Seminoles (Norman, Okla., 1957), 195. 137. John H. Eaton, Jackson's first secretary of war, told the commissioners sent to the Cherokees to keep their identities secret at first. There is no doubt, however, but that the mass of people would be glad to emigrate; and there is no little doubt that they are kept from this exercise of their choice by their chiefs and other interested and influential men. . . . [It is necessary] to break the power that is warring with their best interests. . . . The best resort is believed to be that which is embraced in an appeal to the chiefs and influential men, not together, but apart, at their own houses, and by a proper exposition of their real condition, rouse them to think of that; whilst offers to them of extensive reservations in fee simple, and other rewards, would, it is hoped, result in obtaining their acquiescence. The plan failed here, and ultimately the Cherokees\u2014many in chains\u2014were re- moved by military force. But similar efforts succeeded with other tribes. Eaton's letter is quoted by Senator Theodore Frelinghuysen in Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 310. 138. Cf. Abel, History of Events, 387; Marion L. Starkey, The Cherokee Nation (New York, 1946), 150. 139. See Cass, in MA 6:590; and, for the whole monstrous story, Young, Redskins; Foreman, Indian Removal, 118-83; MA 6:575-780. 140. Quoted in Dangerfield, E,ra of Good Feeling, 27; another Jefferson let- ter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Ten- nessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dun- bar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on ", "quoted_text": "Mississippi Valley Historical Review 48 (March 1962): 653. The author cites this passage to prove McKenney opposed coercing Indians. 134. Commissioner Duncan Campbell on the failure of a Creek treaty in 1824, IA 2:574. 135. Jackson, in /C 2:299, 300-304. This is Jackson's earliest use of the rhetoric of Jacksonian democracy, attacking leaders in the name of the people. Note the metaphors of independence vs. oral dependence. See also n. 68, above. 136. Quoted in Edwin C. McReynolds, The Seminoles (Norman, Okla., 1957), 195. 137. John H. Eaton, Jackson's first secretary of war, told the commissioners sent to the Cherokees to keep their identities secret at first. There is no doubt, however, but that the mass of people would be glad to emigrate; and there is no little doubt that they are kept from this exercise of their choice by their chiefs and other interested and influential men. . . . [It is necessary] to break the power that is warring with their best interests. . . . The best resort is believed to be that which is embraced in an appeal to the chiefs and influential men, not together, but apart, at their own houses, and by a proper exposition of their real condition, rouse them to think of that; whilst offers to them of extensive reservations in fee simple, and other rewards, would, it is hoped, result in obtaining their acquiescence. The plan failed here, and ultimately the Cherokees\u2014many in chains\u2014were re- moved by military force. But similar efforts succeeded with other tribes. Eaton's letter is quoted by Senator Theodore Frelinghuysen in Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 310. 138. Cf. Abel, History of Events, 387; Marion L. Starkey, The Cherokee Nation (New York, 1946), 150. 139. See Cass, in MA 6:590; and, for the whole monstrous story, Young, Redskins; Foreman, Indian Removal, 118-83; MA 6:575-780. 140. Quoted in Dangerfield, E,ra of Good Feeling, 27; another Jefferson let- ter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Ten- nessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dun- bar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on", "quote_start_page_pos": 113, "quote_prefix": "personifies the law not as a strong, forbidding, and punitive father enforcing uniformity and obedience but as a woman who can accept harmony and diversity in the world she rules. See \"William Penn,\" Present Crisis in the Condition of the American Indians (Boston, 1829), 101. A similar, religious-based metaphorical contrast appears in Tocqueville's Democracy in America 2:386\u2014$7. 334 Notes to Pages 163-65 133. Quoted in Francis Paul Prucha, \"Thomas L. McKenney and the New York Indian Board,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "118-83; MA 6:575-780. 140. Quoted in Dangerfield, E,ra of Good Feeling, 27; another Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"<em>channelling,</em>\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds", "quote_start_pos": 97448, "quote_exact": "channel- ling,", "quoted_text": "channel- ling,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2429, "quote_prefix": "118-83; MA 6:575-780. 140. Quoted in Dangerfield, E,ra of Good Feeling, 27; another Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"", "quote_suffix": "\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "6:575-780. 140. Quoted in Dangerfield, E,ra of Good Feeling, 27; another Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\"<em> discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, </em>\"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696).", "quote_start_pos": 97511, "quote_exact": " discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, ", "quoted_text": "discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2444, "quote_prefix": "6:575-780. 140. Quoted in Dangerfield, E,ra of Good Feeling, 27; another Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696).", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "another Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"<em>On the Draft,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton", "quote_start_pos": 97525, "quote_exact": "On the Draft,", "quoted_text": "On the Draft,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2507, "quote_prefix": "another Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, </em>\"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them", "quote_start_pos": 97671, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2521, "quote_prefix": "Jefferson letter with the same message is in Samuel C. Williams, Beginnings of West Tennessee in the Land of the Chickasaws (Johnson City, Tenn., 1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"<em>The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born</em>\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability", "quote_start_pos": 97725, "quote_exact": "The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born", "quoted_text": "The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born", "quote_start_page_pos": 2667, "quote_prefix": "1930), 62. See also Cotterill, Southern Indians, 139-49; Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\"<em> (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, </em>\"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to", "quote_start_pos": 97815, "quote_exact": " (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, ", "quoted_text": "(quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2721, "quote_prefix": "Hagan, Sac and Fox Indians, 9-14; Dunbar, History of Travel 2:419, 470-82. 141. Cf. Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"<em>Indian Removal,</em>\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\"", "quote_start_pos": 97831, "quote_exact": "Indian Removal,", "quoted_text": "Indian Removal,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2811, "quote_prefix": "Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\"", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\"<em> 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, </em>\"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831,", "quote_start_pos": 97898, "quote_exact": " 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, ", "quoted_text": "36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2827, "quote_prefix": "Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, 1967), 186\u201489; and the now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831,", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"<em>by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy</em>\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers", "quote_start_pos": 97974, "quote_exact": "by re- ducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy", "quoted_text": "by re- ducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy", "quote_start_page_pos": 2894, "quote_prefix": "now-famous selective service pamphlet on \"channelling,\" discussed in Richard Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\"<em> (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, </em>\"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by", "quote_start_pos": 98143, "quote_exact": " (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, ", "quoted_text": "(Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2970, "quote_prefix": "Flacks, Florence Howe, and Paul Lauter, \"On the Draft,\" New York Review of Books, 6 April 1967, pp. 3\u20146. 142. Worcester v. Georgia, VI Peters: 512\u201459. Jackson wrote to his friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\"", "quote_suffix": "\"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by", "pages": [34, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"<em>It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish</em>\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring", "quote_start_pos": 98337, "quote_exact": "It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish", "quoted_text": "It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish", "quote_start_page_pos": 60, "quote_prefix": "friend General John Coffee, \"The decision of the Supreme Court has fell still born\" (quoted in James, Andrew Jackson 2:304\u20145). 143. Cf. Coffee to Jackson, quoted in Young, \"Indian Removal,\" 36. 144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\"<em> (</em>\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring sum-", "quote_start_pos": 98340, "quote_exact": " (", "quoted_text": "(", "quote_start_page_pos": 254, "quote_prefix": "144. Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring sum-", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"<em>Annual Report of the Secretary of War,</em>\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it", "quote_start_pos": 98379, "quote_exact": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quoted_text": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 257, "quote_prefix": "Congressman Edward Everett complained that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"", "quote_suffix": "\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"<em> 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. </em>\"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs", "quote_start_pos": 98418, "quote_exact": " 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. ", "quoted_text": "21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146.", "quote_start_page_pos": 296, "quote_prefix": "that Georgia law, \"by reducing them to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"<em>First Annual Message,</em>\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or", "quote_start_pos": 98440, "quote_exact": "First Annual Message,", "quoted_text": "First Annual Message,", "quote_start_page_pos": 335, "quote_prefix": "to a state of minority . . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": ". . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\"<em> in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: </em>\"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or to be passive on the subject, and to witness the consequent degradation and suffering of their people, they must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power,", "quote_start_pos": 98874, "quote_exact": " in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring sum- marized Jackson's sentiments: ", "quoted_text": "in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring sum- marized Jackson's sentiments:", "quote_start_page_pos": 357, "quote_prefix": ". . . holds them to their infancy\" (Register of Debates? [1830-31]: 696). 145. Eaton letter quoted by Senator Sprague in Register of Debates 6 Notes to Pages 165-68 335 (1829\u201430): 356. In Cass's words, \"It is certainly better for them to meet the difficulties of removal, with the probability of an adequate and final reward, than, yielding to their constitutional apathy, to sit still and perish\" (\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or to be passive on the subject, and to witness the consequent degradation and suffering of their people, they must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"<em>If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or to be passive on the subject, and to witness the consequent degradation and suffering of their people, they must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition</em>\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23.", "quote_start_pos": 99111, "quote_exact": "If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or to be passive on the subject, and to witness the consequent degradation and suffering of their people, they must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition", "quoted_text": "If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or to be passive on the subject, and to witness the consequent degradation and suffering of their people, they must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition", "quote_start_page_pos": 791, "quote_prefix": "War,\" 21 November 1831, in MA 4:714). 146. \"First Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:458. 147. Register of Debates 6 (1829-30): 594. 148. Ibid., 1034. 149. This meant, in practice, that Jackson coerced removal treaties from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23.", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or to be passive on the subject, and to witness the consequent degradation and suffering of their people, they must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition\"<em> (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, </em>\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility", "quote_start_pos": 99549, "quote_exact": " (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation pro- gram, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, ", "quoted_text": "(MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation pro- gram, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1028, "quote_prefix": "from the Choctaws and Creeks by threatening otherwise to leave them to the mercy of the states. See Young, Redskins, 30\u201439, and the next paragraph in the text. 150. JC 4:169, 177. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Elbert Herring summarized Jackson's sentiments: \"If it be consistent with their duty as chiefs to oppose removal, or to be passive on the subject, and to witness the consequent degradation and suffering of their people, they must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"<em>Annual Report of the Secretary of War,</em>\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit", "quote_start_pos": 99588, "quote_exact": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quoted_text": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1466, "quote_prefix": "must take the responsibility and persist in their opposition\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "persist in their opposition\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"<em> 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, </em>\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark", "quote_start_pos": 99628, "quote_exact": " 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, ", "quoted_text": "25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1505, "quote_prefix": "persist in their opposition\" (MA 6:599\u2014600). In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"<em>Annual Report of the Secretary of War,</em>\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication", "quote_start_pos": 99667, "quote_exact": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quoted_text": "Annual Report of the Secretary of War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1545, "quote_prefix": "In the same fashion the American government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"<em> 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, </em>\"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report,", "quote_start_pos": 99694, "quote_exact": " 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, ", "quoted_text": "1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1584, "quote_prefix": "government blamed Hanoi for the death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"<em>Removal of the Indians,</em>\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf.", "quote_start_pos": 99718, "quote_exact": "Removal of the Indians,", "quoted_text": "Removal of the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1611, "quote_prefix": "death it rained on the South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf.", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"<em> 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: </em>\"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass,", "quote_start_pos": 99922, "quote_exact": " 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differ- ently: ", "quoted_text": "70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differ- ently:", "quote_start_page_pos": 1635, "quote_prefix": "South Vietnamese countryside. If the Communists did not resist the government relocation program, villagers would not be killed. See Chomsky, American Power, 131\u201432. 151. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"<em>It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them</em>\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song", "quote_start_pos": 100184, "quote_exact": "It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the coun- try, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our inter- communication with them", "quoted_text": "It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the coun- try, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our inter- communication with them", "quote_start_page_pos": 1839, "quote_prefix": "Travel 2:575-76. 152. Cf. Foreman, Indian Removal, 56-69, 183-87, 258-63; McReynolds, Seminoles, 216-17, 238-42. 153. Lewis Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 25 November 1832, MA 5:23. 154. Cass, \"Annual Report of the Secretary of War,\" 1831, MA 4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\"<em> (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, </em>\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow", "quote_start_pos": 100233, "quote_exact": " (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, ", "quoted_text": "(1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2101, "quote_prefix": "4:714-15; Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 70. 155. Abel, History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"<em>Fortnight in the Wilds,</em>\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must", "quote_start_pos": 100257, "quote_exact": "Fortnight in the Wilds,", "quoted_text": "Fortnight in the Wilds,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2150, "quote_prefix": "History of Events, 327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\"<em> 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, </em>\"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\"", "quote_start_pos": 100324, "quote_exact": " 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, ", "quoted_text": "331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2174, "quote_prefix": "327-31, 357-58; Mahon, Second Seminole War, 19\u201436; Foreman, Indian Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\"", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"<em>Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969,", "quote_start_pos": 100364, "quote_exact": "Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,", "quoted_text": "Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2241, "quote_prefix": "Removal, 342, 363. 156. Quoted in Starkey, Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, </em>\"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS", "quote_start_pos": 100423, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2281, "quote_prefix": "Cherokee Nation, 283. Cass put it a little differently: \"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"<em>Removal of the Indians,</em>\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS", "quote_start_pos": 100447, "quote_exact": "Removal of the Indians,", "quoted_text": "Removal of the Indians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2340, "quote_prefix": "\"It is due to the character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"<em> 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. </em>\"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence,", "quote_start_pos": 100551, "quote_exact": " 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. ", "quoted_text": "107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162.", "quote_start_page_pos": 2364, "quote_prefix": "character of the government and the feelings of the country, not less than to the moral and physical imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"<em>Second Annual Message,</em>\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic", "quote_start_pos": 100574, "quote_exact": "Second Annual Message,", "quoted_text": "Second Annual Message,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2468, "quote_prefix": "imbecility of this unhappy race, that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\"<em> in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, </em>\"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase,", "quote_start_pos": 100730, "quote_exact": " in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, ", "quoted_text": "in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2491, "quote_prefix": "that a spirit of kindness and forbearance should mark the whole course of our intercommunication with them\" (1831 report, MA 4:713). 157. Cf. Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"<em>Grow up Americans.</em>\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel", "quote_start_pos": 100749, "quote_exact": "Grow up Americans.", "quoted_text": "Grow up Americans.", "quote_start_page_pos": 2647, "quote_prefix": "Tocqueville, \"Fortnight in the Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\"<em> </em>\"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and", "quote_start_pos": 100751, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 2666, "quote_prefix": "Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"<em>Why must Americans be so childish,</em>\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y.,", "quote_start_pos": 100786, "quote_exact": "Why must Americans be so childish,", "quoted_text": "Why must Americans be so childish,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2668, "quote_prefix": "Wilds,\" 331, 339, and Democracy in America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y.,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\"<em> they ask, so </em>\"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi,", "quote_start_pos": 100801, "quote_exact": " they ask, so ", "quoted_text": "they ask, so", "quote_start_page_pos": 2703, "quote_prefix": "America 1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"politically immature?\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"<em>politically immature?</em>\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the", "quote_start_pos": 100823, "quote_exact": "politically immature?", "quoted_text": "politically immature?", "quote_start_page_pos": 2718, "quote_prefix": "1:364\u201469. 158. Mary McCarthy, \"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\"<em> (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the most important work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, </em>\"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American", "quote_start_pos": 101685, "quote_exact": " (San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the most important work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, ", "quoted_text": "(San Francisco Chronicle, 31 December 1969, p. 26). 336 Notes to Pages 170-72 CHAPTER VI. NATURE AS POLITICS AND NATURE AS ROMANCE IN AMERICA 1. Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948); D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American literature (1923; rcpublished, New York, 1964). 2. Daniel Bell, The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the most important work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2740, "quote_prefix": "\"Report from Vietnam III: Intellectuals,\" New York Review of Books, 18 May 1967, p. 13. 159. Cass, \"Removal of the Indians,\" 107, 120-21. 160. Foreman, Indian Removal, 312n. 161. Quoted in Dunbar, History of Travel 2:610. 162. \"Second Annual Message,\" in Richardson, Messages and Papers 2:520-21. 163. Pp. 138-39, above. 164. American servicemen defending the Song My massacre against public outcry write, \"Grow up Americans.\" \"Why must Americans be so childish,\" they ask, so \"politically immature?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American", "pages": [35, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the most important work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"<em>Agrarian Justice,</em>\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New", "quote_start_pos": 101703, "quote_exact": "Agrarian Justice,", "quoted_text": "Agrarian Justice,", "quote_start_page_pos": 809, "quote_prefix": "Capitalism (New York, 1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the most important work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New", "pages": [36, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the most important work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\"<em> in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, </em>\"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation", "quote_start_pos": 101840, "quote_exact": " in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, ", "quoted_text": "in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch,", "quote_start_page_pos": 827, "quote_prefix": "1976), 80. 3. Richard Chase, The American Novel and Its Tradition (Garden City, N.Y., 1957), ix\u2014xi, 1\u201422. For Fiedler the most important work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation", "pages": [36, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"<em>The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800</em>\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association", "quote_start_pos": 101901, "quote_exact": "The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800", "quoted_text": "The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800", "quote_start_page_pos": 964, "quote_prefix": "work is Love and Death in the American Novel (New York, 1960). 4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association", "pages": [36, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\"<em> (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, </em>\"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906), 222. 9. Gabriel A. Almond and Sidney Verba, The Civic Culture (Princeton, 1963), 102. This was three times the percentage naming the economic system and six times the percentage naming anything else.", "quote_start_pos": 102138, "quote_exact": " (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, ", "quoted_text": "(Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1025, "quote_prefix": "4. John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of the Government of the United States of America, excerpted in George A. Peek, The Political Writings of John Adams (Indianapolis, 1954), 117. 5. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Problem of the West,\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906), 222. 9. Gabriel A. Almond and Sidney Verba, The Civic Culture (Princeton, 1963), 102. This was three times the percentage naming the economic system and six times the percentage naming anything else.", "pages": [36, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"<em>The Problem of the West,</em>\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906), 222. 9. Gabriel A. Almond and Sidney Verba, The Civic Culture (Princeton, 1963), 102. This was three times the percentage naming the economic system and six times the percentage naming anything else. Political institutions received", "quote_start_pos": 102163, "quote_exact": "The Problem of the West,", "quoted_text": "The Problem of the West,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1262, "quote_prefix": "The Federalist Papers, no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906), 222. 9. Gabriel A. Almond and Sidney Verba, The Civic Culture (Princeton, 1963), 102. This was three times the percentage naming the economic system and six times the percentage naming anything else. Political institutions received", "pages": [36, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\"<em> in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906), 222. 9. Gabriel A. Almond and Sidney Verba, The Civic Culture (Princeton, 1963), 102. This was three times the percentage naming the economic system and six times the percentage naming anything else. Political institutions received majority praise in no other country sampled. 10. Bell is ambiguous about whether bourgeois, as opposed to postindustrial, society was characterized by this division. At one point he locates the beginnings of the division in the early nineteenth century. But when he addresses Marx's split between bourgeois and citizen and Van Wyck Brooks's between genteel culture and business life, he ignores the dialectical tensions created by these classic bourgeois splits and treats them as a coordinate part of a unified system. See Bell, Cultural Contradictions, xi\u2014xii, 12\u201414, 20\u201421, 53\u201465, and below, n. 35. 11. The Smith and Slotkin references are in n. 7, above. For Miller, see the two collections of essays Errand Into the Wilderness (New York, 1964) and Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 12. Richard Hofstadter, </em>\"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" The American Scholar 18 (Autumn 1949), reprinted in Ray Allen Billington, ed., The Frontier Thesis (New York, 1966), 100-106. 13. Bell, Cultural Contradictions, 19-20. Notes to Pages 173-77 337 14. Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967).", "quote_start_pos": 103493, "quote_exact": " in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906), 222. 9. Gabriel A. Almond and Sidney Verba, The Civic Culture (Princeton, 1963), 102. This was three times the percentage naming the economic system and six times the percentage naming anything else. Political institutions received majority praise in no other country sampled. 10. Bell is ambiguous about whether bourgeois, as opposed to postindus- trial, society was characterized by this division. At one point he locates the beginnings of the division in the early nineteenth century. But when he addresses Marx's split between bourgeois and citizen and Van Wyck Brooks's between genteel culture and business life, he ignores the dialectical tensions created by these classic bourgeois splits and treats them as a coordinate part of a unified system. See Bell, Cultural Contradictions, xi\u2014xii, 12\u201414, 20\u201421, 53\u201465, and below, n. 35. 11. The Smith and Slotkin references are in n. 7, above. For Miller, see the two collections of essays Errand Into the Wilderness (New York, 1964) and Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 12. Richard Hofstadter, ", "quoted_text": "in The Frontier in American History (New York, 1965), 208. The essay was first published in 1896. 8. Quoted in Annie Heloise Abel, The History of F,vents Resulting in Indian Consolidation West of the Mississippi, American Historical Association Report of Proceedings (1906), 222. 9. Gabriel A. Almond and Sidney Verba, The Civic Culture (Princeton, 1963), 102. This was three times the percentage naming the economic system and six times the percentage naming anything else. Political institutions received majority praise in no other country sampled. 10. Bell is ambiguous about whether bourgeois, as opposed to postindus- trial, society was characterized by this division. At one point he locates the beginnings of the division in the early nineteenth century. But when he addresses Marx's split between bourgeois and citizen and Van Wyck Brooks's between genteel culture and business life, he ignores the dialectical tensions created by these classic bourgeois splits and treats them as a coordinate part of a unified system. See Bell, Cultural Contradictions, xi\u2014xii, 12\u201414, 20\u201421, 53\u201465, and below, n. 35. 11. The Smith and Slotkin references are in n. 7, above. For Miller, see the two collections of essays Errand Into the Wilderness (New York, 1964) and Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 12. Richard Hofstadter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1287, "quote_prefix": "no. 10; Thomas Paine, \"Agrarian Justice,\" in Harry Hayden Clark, ed., Thomas Paine, Representative Selections, rev. ed. (New York, 1961), 336-53. 6. Quoted in Michael Lienesch, \"The Concept of Time in American Political Thought, 1783-1800\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1977), 438. 7. Cf. Richard Slotkin, Regeneration Through Violence (Middletown, Conn., 1973); Henry Nash Smith, Virgin Land (New York, 1950). The quote is from Frederick Jackson Turner, \"The Problem of the West,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" The American Scholar 18 (Autumn 1949), reprinted in Ray Allen Billington, ed., The Frontier Thesis (New York, 1966), 100-106. 13. Bell, Cultural Contradictions, 19-20. Notes to Pages 173-77 337 14. Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967).", "pages": [36, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Van Wyck Brooks's between genteel culture and business life, he ignores the dialectical tensions created by these classic bourgeois splits and treats them as a coordinate part of a unified system. See Bell, Cultural Contradictions, xi\u2014xii, 12\u201414, 20\u201421, 53\u201465, and below, n. 35. 11. The Smith and Slotkin references are in n. 7, above. For Miller, see the two collections of essays Errand Into the Wilderness (New York, 1964) and Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 12. Richard Hofstadter, \"<em>Turner and the Frontier Myth,</em>\" The American Scholar 18 (Autumn 1949), reprinted in Ray Allen Billington, ed., The Frontier Thesis (New York, 1966), 100-106. 13. Bell, Cultural Contradictions, 19-20. Notes to Pages 173-77 337 14. Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery", "quote_start_pos": 103523, "quote_exact": "Turner and the Frontier Myth,", "quoted_text": "Turner and the Frontier Myth,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2617, "quote_prefix": "and Van Wyck Brooks's between genteel culture and business life, he ignores the dialectical tensions created by these classic bourgeois splits and treats them as a coordinate part of a unified system. See Bell, Cultural Contradictions, xi\u2014xii, 12\u201414, 20\u201421, 53\u201465, and below, n. 35. 11. The Smith and Slotkin references are in n. 7, above. For Miller, see the two collections of essays Errand Into the Wilderness (New York, 1964) and Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 12. Richard Hofstadter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The American Scholar 18 (Autumn 1949), reprinted in Ray Allen Billington, ed., The Frontier Thesis (New York, 1966), 100-106. 13. Bell, Cultural Contradictions, 19-20. Notes to Pages 173-77 337 14. Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery", "pages": [36, 36]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "genteel culture and business life, he ignores the dialectical tensions created by these classic bourgeois splits and treats them as a coordinate part of a unified system. See Bell, Cultural Contradictions, xi\u2014xii, 12\u201414, 20\u201421, 53\u201465, and below, n. 35. 11. The Smith and Slotkin references are in n. 7, above. For Miller, see the two collections of essays Errand Into the Wilderness (New York, 1964) and Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 12. Richard Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\"<em> The American Scholar 18 (Autumn 1949), reprinted in Ray Allen Billington, ed., The Frontier Thesis (New York, 1966), 100-106. 13. Bell, Cultural Contradictions, 19-20. Notes to Pages 173-77 337 14. Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, </em>\"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul", "quote_start_pos": 104223, "quote_exact": " The American Scholar 18 (Autumn 1949), reprinted in Ray Allen Billington, ed., The Frontier Thesis (New York, 1966), 100-106. 13. Bell, Cultural Contradictions, 19-20. Notes to Pages 173-77 337 14. Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, ", "quoted_text": "The American Scholar 18 (Autumn 1949), reprinted in Ray Allen Billington, ed., The Frontier Thesis (New York, 1966), 100-106. 13. Bell, Cultural Contradictions, 19-20. Notes to Pages 173-77 337 14. Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2647, "quote_prefix": "genteel culture and business life, he ignores the dialectical tensions created by these classic bourgeois splits and treats them as a coordinate part of a unified system. See Bell, Cultural Contradictions, xi\u2014xii, 12\u201414, 20\u201421, 53\u201465, and below, n. 35. 11. The Smith and Slotkin references are in n. 7, above. For Miller, see the two collections of essays Errand Into the Wilderness (New York, 1964) and Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 12. Richard Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul", "pages": [36, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"<em>The New Barbarians,</em>\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old", "quote_start_pos": 104243, "quote_exact": "The New Barbarians,", "quoted_text": "The New Barbarians,", "quote_start_page_pos": 531, "quote_prefix": "Cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\"<em> Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his </em>\"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66;", "quote_start_pos": 104427, "quote_exact": " Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his ", "quoted_text": "Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his", "quote_start_page_pos": 551, "quote_prefix": "Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); Daniel Bel], ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955); and the discussion of these and other similar analyses in Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66;", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"<em>The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,</em>\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July", "quote_start_pos": 104503, "quote_exact": "The Back- ground and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,", "quoted_text": "The Back- ground and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,", "quote_start_page_pos": 735, "quote_prefix": "Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). 15. This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\"<em> in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, </em>\"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy", "quote_start_pos": 104741, "quote_exact": " in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Prince- ton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the an- tipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, ", "quoted_text": "in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Prince- ton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the an- tipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone,", "quote_start_page_pos": 811, "quote_prefix": "This poem, whose imagery the 1950s antiagrarians found significant, is quoted in Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man (Boston, 1956), 193. 16. Among the many critiques of the New Left from this perspective, see Daniel Boorstin, \"The New Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"<em>Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,</em>\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is", "quote_start_pos": 104783, "quote_exact": "Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,", "quoted_text": "Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1049, "quote_prefix": "Barbarians,\" Esquire, October 1968, pp. 159\u201462, 260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\"<em> in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his </em>\"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\"", "quote_start_pos": 104947, "quote_exact": " in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Year- book of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his ", "quoted_text": "in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Year- book of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his", "quote_start_page_pos": 1091, "quote_prefix": "260-62; cf. Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971), 201-40. For Daniel Bell's 1950s attack on antipolitical left radicalism, sec his \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\"", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"<em>Turnips and Romanticism,</em>\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly", "quote_start_pos": 104972, "quote_exact": "Turnips and Romanticism,", "quoted_text": "Turnips and Romanticism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1255, "quote_prefix": "Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\"<em> Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his </em>\"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of", "quote_start_pos": 105404, "quote_exact": " Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his ", "quoted_text": "Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his", "quote_start_page_pos": 1280, "quote_prefix": "Socialism in the United States,\" in Donald Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213-405. 17. Anderson, The Imperial Self, blames the literary imagination for the antipolitical politics. 18. Paul H. Johnstone, \"Old Ideals Versus New Ideas in Farm Life,\" in United States Department of Agriculture, Farmers in a Changing World, Yearbook of Agriculture (Washington, D.C., 1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"<em>John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,</em>\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the", "quote_start_pos": 105448, "quote_exact": "John Taylor and the Dem- ocratic Tradition,", "quoted_text": "John Taylor and the Dem- ocratic Tradition,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1712, "quote_prefix": "1940), 116-31, 149-52, 165-66; see also his \"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\"<em> Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, </em>\"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974),", "quote_start_pos": 105647, "quote_exact": " Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1756, "quote_prefix": "\"Turnips and Romanticism,\" Agricultural History 12 (July 1938): 224\u2014 55. 19. Grant McConnel), The Decline of Agrarian Democracy (Berkeley a id Los Angeles, 1953); Philip Selznick, T.V.A. and the Grass Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974),", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"<em>The Internal State of America,</em>\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal", "quote_start_pos": 105678, "quote_exact": "The Internal State of America,", "quoted_text": "The Internal State of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1955, "quote_prefix": "Roots (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\"<em> in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, </em>\"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and", "quote_start_pos": 105889, "quote_exact": " in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Mi- chael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Mi- chael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1986, "quote_prefix": "Angeles, 1949). 20. Grant McConnell, Private Power and American Democracy (New York, 1966), 91\u2014101. The quote is on p. 93. See also Theodore Lowi, The End of Liberalism (New York, 1969). 21. McConnell, Private Power, 102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"<em>A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,</em>\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_start_pos": 105998, "quote_exact": "A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,", "quoted_text": "A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2197, "quote_prefix": "102\u20147. Cf. his \"John Taylor and the Democratic Tradition,\" Western Political Quarterly 4 (March 1951): 17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\"<em> Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, </em>\"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid.,", "quote_start_pos": 106172, "quote_exact": " Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Mel- ville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Mel- ville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2306, "quote_prefix": "17\u201431. 22. McConnell, Private Power; Lowi, End of Liberalism; Murray Edelman, The Symbolic Uses of Politics (Urbana, 111., 1964). 23. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Internal State of America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid.,", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"<em>Internal State,</em>\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34.", "quote_start_pos": 106188, "quote_exact": "Internal State,", "quoted_text": "Internal State,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2480, "quote_prefix": "America,\" in Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34.", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"<em> 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, </em>\"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's", "quote_start_pos": 106228, "quote_exact": " 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, ", "quoted_text": "122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2496, "quote_prefix": "Writings, Albert H. Smyth, ed., 10 vols. (New York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"<em>Errand Into the Wilderness,</em>\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference", "quote_start_pos": 106256, "quote_exact": "Errand Into the Wilderness,", "quoted_text": "Errand Into the Wilderness,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2536, "quote_prefix": "York, 1907), 10:116-17. I am indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\"<em> in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, </em>\"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation,", "quote_start_pos": 106435, "quote_exact": " in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2564, "quote_prefix": "indebted to Michael Lienesch for calling this essay to my attention. 24. Ibid., 122. 25. Ibid., 117, 121. 26. Benjamin Franklin, \"A Comparison of the Conduct of the Ancient Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation,", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"<em>Internal State,</em>\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38.", "quote_start_pos": 106451, "quote_exact": "Internal State,", "quoted_text": "Internal State,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2743, "quote_prefix": "Jews and of the Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38.", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"<em> 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, </em>\"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers", "quote_start_pos": 106478, "quote_exact": " 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, ", "quoted_text": "117, 120. 32. Karl Marx,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2759, "quote_prefix": "Anti-Federalists in the United States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"<em>On the Jewish Question,</em>\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew", "quote_start_pos": 106502, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question,", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2786, "quote_prefix": "States of America,\" Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew", "pages": [37, 37]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"<em> in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, </em>\"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin,", "quote_start_pos": 106826, "quote_exact": " in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen dis- tinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, ", "quoted_text": "in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen dis- tinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2810, "quote_prefix": "Writings 9:698\u2014 703. 27. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature, 9\u201421; Herman Melville, Israel Potter (1855; republished, New York, 1974), 58-79. 28. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122. 29. The seminal essay is Miller, \"Errand Into the Wilderness,\" in Errand, 1\u201415. See also Slotkin, Regeneration, 25\u2014267. 30. Howard Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin,", "pages": [37, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"<em>On the Jewish Question,</em>\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring", "quote_start_pos": 106850, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question,", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 293, "quote_prefix": "Mumford Jones, O Strange New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"<em> 227. 37. Perry Miller, </em>\"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings", "quote_start_pos": 106875, "quote_exact": " 227. 37. Perry Miller, ", "quoted_text": "227. 37. Perry Miller,", "quote_start_page_pos": 317, "quote_prefix": "New World (New York, 1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"<em>The Location of American Religious Freedom,</em>\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison,", "quote_start_pos": 106919, "quote_exact": "The Location of American Religious Freedom,", "quoted_text": "The Location of American Religious Freedom,", "quote_start_page_pos": 342, "quote_prefix": "1964), plate 3 and p. 28n; see also ibid., 1\u201470. 31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\"<em> in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, </em>\"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest", "quote_start_pos": 107101, "quote_exact": " in Na- ture's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "in Na- ture's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 386, "quote_prefix": "31. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 117, 120. 32. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. 338 Notes to Pages 178-83 Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"<em>Internal State,</em>\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago,", "quote_start_pos": 107117, "quote_exact": "Internal State,", "quoted_text": "Internal State,", "quote_start_page_pos": 568, "quote_prefix": "on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"<em> 122; Marx, </em>\"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963),", "quote_start_pos": 107130, "quote_exact": " 122; Marx, ", "quoted_text": "122; Marx,", "quote_start_page_pos": 584, "quote_prefix": "Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963),", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"<em>On the Jewish Question,</em>\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith,", "quote_start_pos": 107154, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question,", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 597, "quote_prefix": "(Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"<em> 246. 40. Marx, </em>\"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land,", "quote_start_pos": 107171, "quote_exact": " 246. 40. Marx, ", "quoted_text": "246. 40. Marx,", "quote_start_page_pos": 621, "quote_prefix": "238-39. 33. Ibid., 222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"<em>On the Jewish Question,</em>\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal", "quote_start_pos": 107195, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question,", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 638, "quote_prefix": "222-26, 232. 34. Ibid., 227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"<em> 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, </em>\"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange", "quote_start_pos": 107329, "quote_exact": " 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chi- cago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chi- cago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 662, "quote_prefix": "227, 244. 35. Ibid., 225. For Bell's flattened-out reference to the bourgeois-citizen distinction, see above, n. 10. 36. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"<em>The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,</em>\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David", "quote_start_pos": 107367, "quote_exact": "The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,", "quoted_text": "The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,", "quote_start_page_pos": 796, "quote_prefix": "the Jewish Question,\" 227. 37. Perry Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\"<em> Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, </em>\"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams,", "quote_start_pos": 107692, "quote_exact": " Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jef- ferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jef- ferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 834, "quote_prefix": "Miller, \"The Location of American Religious Freedom,\" in Nature's Nation, 156. 38. See Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 7\u20149, 75\u2014110. 39. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 122; Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 246. 40. Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"<em>Internal State,</em>\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957),", "quote_start_pos": 107708, "quote_exact": "Internal State,", "quoted_text": "Internal State,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1159, "quote_prefix": "Question,\" 241, 248. 41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957),", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"<em> 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, </em>\"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961);", "quote_start_pos": 108082, "quote_exact": " 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, ", "quoted_text": "116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1175, "quote_prefix": "41. William Appleman Williams, The Contours of American History (Chicago, 1966), 145-46, 158-62. 42. Benjamin Franklin, \"The Art of Procuring Pleasant Dreams,\" Writings 10:133-36. 43. Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 20 December 1787, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 440-41. 44. Quoted in Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961);", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"<em>Annual Message to Congress,</em>\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript,", "quote_start_pos": 108110, "quote_exact": "Annual Message to Congress,", "quoted_text": "Annual Message to Congress,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1549, "quote_prefix": "Albert K. Wemberg, Manifest Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\"<em> 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, </em>\"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of", "quote_start_pos": 108408, "quote_exact": " 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, ", "quoted_text": "1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1577, "quote_prefix": "Destiny (Chicago, 1963), 117. 45. Quoted in Smith, Virgin Land, 297. 46. Franklin, \"Internal State,\" 116, 121-22. 47. Quoted in Arthur K. Moore, The Frontier Mind (Lexington, Ky., 1957), 31. 48. Quoted in Jones, O Strange New World, 245-46. 49. Quoted in David Noble, Historians Against History (Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"<em>Turner and the Frontier Myth,</em>\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18.", "quote_start_pos": 108438, "quote_exact": "Turner and the Frontier Myth,", "quoted_text": "Turner and the Frontier Myth,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1875, "quote_prefix": "(Minneapolis, 1965), 29. 50. See Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18.", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\"<em> 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, </em>\"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin,", "quote_start_pos": 108603, "quote_exact": " 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, ", "quoted_text": "104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1905, "quote_prefix": "Eric Foner, Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men (New York, 1970), 11\u2014 72; Leo Marx, The Machine in the Garden (New York, 1964). 51. Abraham Lincoln, \"Annual Message to Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"<em>'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,</em>\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and", "quote_start_pos": 108674, "quote_exact": "'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,", "quoted_text": "'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2070, "quote_prefix": "Congress,\" 1 December 1862, in Selected Speeches, Messages, and Letters, T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\"<em> South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, </em>\"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought", "quote_start_pos": 108744, "quote_exact": " South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, ", "quoted_text": "South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2141, "quote_prefix": "T. Harry Williams, ed. (New York, 1957), 198-200. 52. George W. Julian, speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"<em>Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,</em>\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt,", "quote_start_pos": 108792, "quote_exact": "Blackface Minstrelsy and Jackson- ian Ideology,", "quoted_text": "Blackface Minstrelsy and Jackson- ian Ideology,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2211, "quote_prefix": "speech on the Homestead Bill, 29 January 1851, in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt,", "pages": [38, 38]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\"<em> American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, </em>\"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim.", "quote_start_pos": 109297, "quote_exact": " American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, ", "quoted_text": "American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2259, "quote_prefix": "in Louis H. Douglas, ed., Agrarianism in American History (Lexington, Mass., 1969), 47. 53. Ibid., 47; Hofstadter, \"Turner and the Frontier Myth,\" 104-5. Cf. Smith, Virgin Land, 190-200. 54. For discussions of southern pastoralism, see William R. Taylor, Cavalier and Yankee (New York, 1961); Annette Kolodny, \"'Stript, shronc, and made deformed': Images on the Southern Landscape,\" South Atlantic Quarterly 75 (Winter 1976): 62\u201468; Alexander Saxton, \"Blackface Minstrelsy and Jacksonian Ideology,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim.", "pages": [38, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"<em>Opening Address by the President</em>\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions", "quote_start_pos": 109330, "quote_exact": "Opening Address by the President", "quoted_text": "Opening Address by the President", "quote_start_page_pos": 256, "quote_prefix": "American Quarterly 27 (March 1975): 13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\"<em> to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, </em>\"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt,", "quote_start_pos": 109525, "quote_exact": " to the Presi- dential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "to the Presi- dential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 289, "quote_prefix": "13\u201418. For the northern response, see Foner, Free Soil. 55. Hofstadter, Age of Reform, 130-36, 173-84, 213-18. 56. Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom (1913; republished, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt,", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"<em>Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,</em>\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers", "quote_start_pos": 109593, "quote_exact": "Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,", "quoted_text": "Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 484, "quote_prefix": "1961), 19-20, 26-27. Notes to Pages 183-88 339 57. This argument is developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\"<em> Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, </em>\"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200.", "quote_start_pos": 109660, "quote_exact": " Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, ", "quoted_text": "Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 552, "quote_prefix": "developed in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 192\u2014 206; Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200.", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"<em>Opening Address,</em>\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi,", "quote_start_pos": 109677, "quote_exact": "Opening Address,", "quoted_text": "Opening Address,", "quote_start_page_pos": 619, "quote_prefix": "Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi,", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\"<em> 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, </em>\"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi, End of Liberalism, 102\u201415. 64. Wallace, New Frontiers, 269-76, 282-83. 65. U.S. Congress, The Congressional Globe 8 (1839-40): Appendix, 71. 66. Mason L. Weems, The Life of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67.", "quote_start_pos": 109933, "quote_exact": " 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Con- servation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, ", "quoted_text": "39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Con- servation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 636, "quote_prefix": "Uplift (Chicago, 1964); and David Noble, The Paradox of Progressive Thought (Minneapolis, 1958). 58. Theodore Roosevelt, \"Opening Address by the President\" to the Presidential Conference on Conservation, 13 May 1908, in Roderick B. Nash, ed., The Call of the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Inaugural Address,\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi, End of Liberalism, 102\u201415. 64. Wallace, New Frontiers, 269-76, 282-83. 65. U.S. Congress, The Congressional Globe 8 (1839-40): Appendix, 71. 66. Mason L. Weems, The Life of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67.", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"<em>Inaugural Address,</em>\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi, End of Liberalism, 102\u201415. 64. Wallace, New Frontiers, 269-76, 282-83. 65. U.S. Congress, The Congressional Globe 8 (1839-40): Appendix, 71. 66. Mason L. Weems, The Life of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68.", "quote_start_pos": 109952, "quote_exact": "Inaugural Address,", "quoted_text": "Inaugural Address,", "quote_start_page_pos": 892, "quote_prefix": "the Wild (1902-1916) (New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi, End of Liberalism, 102\u201415. 64. Wallace, New Frontiers, 269-76, 282-83. 65. U.S. Congress, The Congressional Globe 8 (1839-40): Appendix, 71. 66. Mason L. Weems, The Life of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68.", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\"<em> 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi, End of Liberalism, 102\u201415. 64. Wallace, New Frontiers, 269-76, 282-83. 65. U.S. Congress, The Congressional Globe 8 (1839-40): Appendix, 71. 66. Mason L. Weems, The Life of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68. Cf. Slotkin, Regeneration, 16\u201424, 268\u2014312; Rogin, Fathers and Children. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, </em>\"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash,", "quote_start_pos": 110849, "quote_exact": " 4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi, End of Liberalism, 102\u201415. 64. Wallace, New Frontiers, 269-76, 282-83. 65. U.S. Congress, The Congressional Globe 8 (1839-40): Appendix, 71. 66. Mason L. Weems, The Life of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68. Cf. Slotkin, Regeneration, 16\u201424, 268\u2014312; Rogin, Fathers and Chil- dren. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, ", "quoted_text": "4 March 1933, in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt, 13 vols. (New York, 1938-50), 2:14; Henry A. Wallace, New Frontiers (New York, 1934), 11-12, 46-47, 121-23, 127-28, 139, 145, 165, 199-200. 63. Lowi, End of Liberalism, 102\u201415. 64. Wallace, New Frontiers, 269-76, 282-83. 65. U.S. Congress, The Congressional Globe 8 (1839-40): Appendix, 71. 66. Mason L. Weems, The Life of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68. Cf. Slotkin, Regeneration, 16\u201424, 268\u2014312; Rogin, Fathers and Chil- dren. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 911, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1970), 45. 59. Wilson, New Freedom, 163. Cf. Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 562-75, and above, p. 99. 60. Roosevelt, \"Opening Address,\" 39-40, 43-45; Samuel P. Hays, Conservation and the Gospel of Efficiency (Cambridge, Mass., 1959), 2, 265\u201472, passim. 61. Richard Pells, Radical Visions and American Dreams (New York, 1973), 96-100, 195-200, 214-18, 230, 337. 62. Franklin D. Roosevelt, \"Inaugural Address,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash,", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68. Cf. Slotkin, Regeneration, 16\u201424, 268\u2014312; Rogin, Fathers and Children. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"<em>Speech in the House of Representatives,</em>\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's", "quote_start_pos": 110889, "quote_exact": "Speech in the House of Representatives,", "quoted_text": "Speech in the House of Representatives,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1808, "quote_prefix": "of Washington (1 800 and 1 808; republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68. Cf. Slotkin, Regeneration, 16\u201424, 268\u2014312; Rogin, Fathers and Children. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68. Cf. Slotkin, Regeneration, 16\u201424, 268\u2014312; Rogin, Fathers and Children. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\"<em> 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, </em>\"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace", "quote_start_pos": 111022, "quote_exact": " 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, ", "quoted_text": "27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1848, "quote_prefix": "republished, Cambridge, Mass., 1962), 37, 45, 48. 67. Ibid., 39, 40. 68. Cf. Slotkin, Regeneration, 16\u201424, 268\u2014312; Rogin, Fathers and Children. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "dren. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"<em>The Gettysburg Address</em>\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's", "quote_start_pos": 111045, "quote_exact": "The Gettysburg Address", "quoted_text": "The Gettysburg Address", "quote_start_page_pos": 1981, "quote_prefix": "dren. 69. Marvin Meyers, The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\"<em> and </em>\"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem.", "quote_start_pos": 111051, "quote_exact": " and ", "quoted_text": "and", "quote_start_page_pos": 2004, "quote_prefix": "The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem.", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"<em>Second Inaugural Address,</em>\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting", "quote_start_pos": 111077, "quote_exact": "Second Inaugural Address,", "quoted_text": "Second Inaugural Address,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2010, "quote_prefix": "Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\"<em> in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, </em>\"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead", "quote_start_pos": 111147, "quote_exact": " in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2036, "quote_prefix": "York, 1960). 70. Cf. Rogin, Fathers and Children. The wilderness quote is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"<em>The Ideals of America,</em>\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should", "quote_start_pos": 111170, "quote_exact": "The Ideals of America,", "quoted_text": "The Ideals of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2106, "quote_prefix": "is from Jackson's letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"<em> Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, </em>\"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt", "quote_start_pos": 111238, "quote_exact": " Atlantic Monthly, Decem- ber 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "Atlantic Monthly, Decem- ber 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2129, "quote_prefix": "letter to his wife Rachel, 20 April 1818, as quoted in Richard Drinnon, Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"<em>Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber</em>\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit", "quote_start_pos": 111267, "quote_exact": "Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber", "quoted_text": "Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber", "quote_start_page_pos": 2197, "quote_prefix": "Facing West: The Metaphysics of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\"<em> and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, </em>\"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt", "quote_start_pos": 111319, "quote_exact": " and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, ", "quoted_text": "and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2226, "quote_prefix": "of Indian-Hating and Empire-Building (New York, 1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Strenuous Life,\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"<em>The Strenuous Life,</em>\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt identifies with", "quote_start_pos": 111339, "quote_exact": "The Strenuous Life,", "quoted_text": "The Strenuous Life,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2278, "quote_prefix": "1980), 108. 71. Abraham Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt identifies with", "pages": [39, 39]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\"<em> in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt identifies with 340 Notes to Pages 188-92 both his animal and his human prey against decadent European imperial powers and cautious, overcivilized Americans. This is the Roosevelt who, in the movie's celebratory romance, has the courage to seize Panama. 76. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colorado, 25 September 1919, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 2:1130. 77. Cf. William Appleman Williams, </em>\"The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience:", "quote_start_pos": 112262, "quote_exact": " in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt identifies with 340 Notes to Pages 188-92 both his animal and his human prey against decadent European imperial powers and cautious, overcivilized Americans. This is the Roosevelt who, in the movie's celebratory romance, has the courage to seize Panama. 76. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colorado, 25 September 1919, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 2:1130. 77. Cf. William Appleman Williams, ", "quoted_text": "in Nash, Call of the Wild, 81-82. 75. Roosevelt's hunts played a central role in the 1970s movie The Wind and the Lion. Killing a grizzly, the president wants this animal to replace the eagle as America's totem. Roosevelt imitates the fighting position of the grizzly to show the taxidermist the shape the dead trophy of America should take. The movie connects Roosevelt's grizzly hunt to his hunt of a North Arab warrior bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt identifies with 340 Notes to Pages 188-92 both his animal and his human prey against decadent European imperial powers and cautious, overcivilized Americans. This is the Roosevelt who, in the movie's celebratory romance, has the courage to seize Panama. 76. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colorado, 25 September 1919, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 2:1130. 77. Cf. William Appleman Williams,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2298, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln, \"Speech in the House of Representatives,\" 27 July 1848, in Philip Van Doren Stern, ed., The Life and Writings of Abraham Lincoln (New York, 1940), 321. 72. Abraham Lincoln, \"The Gettysburg Address\" and \"Second Inaugural Address,\" in Williams, Selected Speeches, 246-47, 282-83. 73. Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 725-26, 728-34. Cf. Rogin, \"Woodrow Wilson and Max Weber\" and Fathers and Children. 74. Theodore Roosevelt, \"The Strenuous Life,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience:", "pages": [39, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt identifies with 340 Notes to Pages 188-92 both his animal and his human prey against decadent European imperial powers and cautious, overcivilized Americans. This is the Roosevelt who, in the movie's celebratory romance, has the courage to seize Panama. 76. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colorado, 25 September 1919, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 2:1130. 77. Cf. William Appleman Williams, \"<em>The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,</em>\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher", "quote_start_pos": 112311, "quote_exact": "The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,", "quoted_text": "The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 422, "quote_prefix": "bandit and women-ancl-children kidnapper. The movie Roosevelt identifies with 340 Notes to Pages 188-92 both his animal and his human prey against decadent European imperial powers and cautious, overcivilized Americans. This is the Roosevelt who, in the movie's celebratory romance, has the courage to seize Panama. 76. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colorado, 25 September 1919, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 2:1130. 77. Cf. William Appleman Williams, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "movie Roosevelt identifies with 340 Notes to Pages 188-92 both his animal and his human prey against decadent European imperial powers and cautious, overcivilized Americans. This is the Roosevelt who, in the movie's celebratory romance, has the courage to seize Panama. 76. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colorado, 25 September 1919, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 2:1130. 77. Cf. William Appleman Williams, \"The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,\"<em> Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, </em>\"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247.", "quote_start_pos": 112735, "quote_exact": " Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, ", "quoted_text": "Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon,", "quote_start_page_pos": 471, "quote_prefix": "movie Roosevelt identifies with 340 Notes to Pages 188-92 both his animal and his human prey against decadent European imperial powers and cautious, overcivilized Americans. This is the Roosevelt who, in the movie's celebratory romance, has the courage to seize Panama. 76. Woodrow Wilson, address at Pueblo, Colorado, 25 September 1919, in The Messages and Papers of Woodrow Wilson, 2 vols. (New York, 1924), 2:1130. 77. Cf. William Appleman Williams, \"The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247.", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "William Appleman Williams, \"The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"<em>Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,</em>\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953).", "quote_start_pos": 112790, "quote_exact": "Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,", "quoted_text": "Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,", "quote_start_page_pos": 895, "quote_prefix": "William Appleman Williams, \"The Frontier Thesis and American Foreign Policy,\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953).", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Foreign Policy,\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\"<em> The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, </em>\"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF", "quote_start_pos": 112875, "quote_exact": " The Rad- ical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, ", "quoted_text": "The Rad- ical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 950, "quote_prefix": "American Foreign Policy,\" Pacific Historical Review 24 (November 1955): 379\u201495, and The Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"<em>Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,</em>\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted", "quote_start_pos": 112950, "quote_exact": "Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Vio- lence,", "quoted_text": "Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Vio- lence,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1035, "quote_prefix": "Tragedy of American Diplomacy, 2d ed. (New York, 1962). 78. Cf. Bruce Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\"<em> Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, </em>\"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980),", "quote_start_pos": 113024, "quote_exact": " Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Ro- gin, ", "quoted_text": "Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Ro- gin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1110, "quote_prefix": "Miroff, Pragmatic Illusions: The Presidential Politics of John F. Kennedy (New York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980),", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"<em>Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,</em>\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a", "quote_start_pos": 113064, "quote_exact": "Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,", "quoted_text": "Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1184, "quote_prefix": "York, 1976), 18-19, 144-46; Slotkin, Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\"<em> The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. </em>\"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a Nation Story (Middleburg, Va., 1965), 4. 2. James Hart, ed., The Man Who Invented Hollywood: The Autobiography of D.W. Griffith (Louisville, Ky., 1972), 28-29. 3. Herman G. Weinberg, quoted in Harry M. Geduld, ed., Focus on D. W. Griffith (Englewood", "quote_start_pos": 113310, "quote_exact": " The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writ- ings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. ", "quoted_text": "The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writ- ings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1224, "quote_prefix": "Regeneration, 562; Margaret Mead, And Keep Your Powder Dry, 2d ed. (London, ] 967), 306-10. On the connections between Vietnam and Indian extermination, see Richard Drinnon, \"Violence in the American Experience: Winning the West,\" The Radical Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a Nation Story (Middleburg, Va., 1965), 4. 2. James Hart, ed., The Man Who Invented Hollywood: The Autobiography of D.W. Griffith (Louisville, Ky., 1972), 28-29. 3. Herman G. Weinberg, quoted in Harry M. Geduld, ed., Focus on D. W. Griffith (Englewood", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"<em>THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION</em>\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a Nation Story (Middleburg, Va., 1965), 4. 2. James Hart, ed., The Man Who Invented Hollywood: The Autobiography of D.W. Griffith (Louisville, Ky., 1972), 28-29. 3. Herman G. Weinberg, quoted in Harry M. Geduld, ed., Focus on D. W. Griffith (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 8. 4. Quotes", "quote_start_pos": 113345, "quote_exact": "THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION", "quoted_text": "THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION", "quote_start_page_pos": 1470, "quote_prefix": "Teacher (Chicago), 30 December 1969, pp. 36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"", "quote_suffix": "\": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a Nation Story (Middleburg, Va., 1965), 4. 2. James Hart, ed., The Man Who Invented Hollywood: The Autobiography of D.W. Griffith (Louisville, Ky., 1972), 28-29. 3. Herman G. Weinberg, quoted in Harry M. Geduld, ed., Focus on D. W. Griffith (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 8. 4. Quotes", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\"<em>: D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a Nation Story (Middleburg, Va., 1965), 4. 2. James Hart, ed., The Man Who Invented Hollywood: The Autobiography of D.W. Griffith (Louisville, Ky., 1972), 28-29. 3. Herman G. Weinberg, quoted in Harry M. Geduld, ed., Focus on D. W. Griffith (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 8. 4. Quotes are from Richard Schickel, D. W. Griffith: An American Life (New York, 1984), 299, 279. See also pp. 29, 213, 232-37.1 have learned a lot from this detailed, sensitive biography, but Schickel minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, </em>\"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6.", "quote_start_pos": 114313, "quote_exact": ": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a Nation Story (Middleburg, Va., 1965), 4. 2. James Hart, ed., The Man Who Invented Hollywood: The Autobiography of D.W. Griffith (Louisville, Ky., 1972), 28-29. 3. Herman G. Weinberg, quoted in Harry M. Geduld, ed., Focus on D. W. Griffith (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 8. 4. Quotes are from Richard Schickel, D. W. Griffith: An American Life (New York, 1984), 299, 279. See also pp. 29, 213, 232-37.1 have learned a lot from this detailed, sensitive biography, but Schickel minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, ", "quoted_text": ": D.W. GRIFFITH'S THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1. James Agee, Agee on Film (Boston, 1958), 313; Arlene Croce, quoted in Martin Williams, Griffith, First Artist of the Movies (New York, 1980), 77; Roy E. Aitken, The Birth of a Nation Story (Middleburg, Va., 1965), 4. 2. James Hart, ed., The Man Who Invented Hollywood: The Autobiography of D.W. Griffith (Louisville, Ky., 1972), 28-29. 3. Herman G. Weinberg, quoted in Harry M. Geduld, ed., Focus on D. W. Griffith (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 8. 4. Quotes are from Richard Schickel, D. W. Griffith: An American Life (New York, 1984), 299, 279. See also pp. 29, 213, 232-37.1 have learned a lot from this detailed, sensitive biography, but Schickel minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1505, "quote_prefix": "36, 45-46; Richard Slotkin, \"Dreams and Genocide: The American Myth of Regeneration Through Violence,\" Journal of Popular Culture 5 (Summer 1971): 38\u201459; and Michael Rogin, \"Truth is Stranger than Science Fiction,\" The Listener, 7 July 1968, pp. 117\u201418, and Chapter 5, above. 79. Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Selected Writings, 2 vols. (Moscow, 1955), 1:247. 80. Davis Grubb, The Night of the Hunter (New York, 1953). CHAPTER VII. \"THE SWORD BECAME A FLASHING VISION\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6.", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 8. 4. Quotes are from Richard Schickel, D. W. Griffith: An American Life (New York, 1984), 299, 279. See also pp. 29, 213, 232-37.1 have learned a lot from this detailed, sensitive biography, but Schickel minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"<em>Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld,", "quote_start_pos": 114354, "quote_exact": "Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2473, "quote_prefix": "Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 8. 4. Quotes are from Richard Schickel, D. W. Griffith: An American Life (New York, 1984), 299, 279. See also pp. 29, 213, 232-37.1 have learned a lot from this detailed, sensitive biography, but Schickel minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld,", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "from Richard Schickel, D. W. Griffith: An American Life (New York, 1984), 299, 279. See also pp. 29, 213, 232-37.1 have learned a lot from this detailed, sensitive biography, but Schickel minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, </em>\"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid,", "quote_start_pos": 114540, "quote_exact": " Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Sum- mer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Sum- mer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2514, "quote_prefix": "from Richard Schickel, D. W. Griffith: An American Life (New York, 1984), 299, 279. See also pp. 29, 213, 232-37.1 have learned a lot from this detailed, sensitive biography, but Schickel minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid,", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"<em>D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,</em>\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\"", "quote_start_pos": 114613, "quote_exact": "D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,", "quoted_text": "D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2700, "quote_prefix": "minimizes and apologizes for Griffith's racism. 5. Cf. Raymond Allen Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\"", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\"<em> Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, </em>\"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson,", "quote_start_pos": 114715, "quote_exact": " Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, ", "quoted_text": "Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2773, "quote_prefix": "Cook, Eire from the Flint: The Amazing Career of Thomas Dixon (Winston-Salem, N.C., 1968), 51-52, 72, 163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson,", "pages": [40, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"<em>Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,</em>\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91.", "quote_start_pos": 114756, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,", "quote_start_page_pos": 37, "quote_prefix": "163-73; Edward D. C. Campbell, Jr., The Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91.", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\"<em> The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, </em>\"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood,", "quote_start_pos": 115094, "quote_exact": " The Massachusetts Re- view 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Grif- fith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, ", "quoted_text": "The Massachusetts Re- view 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Grif- fith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem,", "quote_start_page_pos": 78, "quote_prefix": "Celluloid South (Knoxville, Tenn., 1981), 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith: The Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" Film Culture 36 (Spring\u2014Summer 1965): 34\u201436; Arthur S. Link, Wilson: The New Freedom (Princeton, 1956), 253; Thomas Cripps, Slow Fade to Black (New York, 1977), 62; Russell Merritt, \"D. W. Griffith Directs the Great War: The Making of Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood,", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"<em>Wilson and the Immigrants</em>\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35,", "quote_start_pos": 115120, "quote_exact": "Wilson and the Immigrants", "quoted_text": "Wilson and the Immigrants", "quote_start_page_pos": 416, "quote_prefix": "Hearts of the World,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35,", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\"<em> (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, </em>\"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's", "quote_start_pos": 115284, "quote_exact": " (Unpub- lished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, ", "quoted_text": "(Unpub- lished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield,", "quote_start_page_pos": 442, "quote_prefix": "Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981), 47; John Hope Notes to Pages 192-96 341 Franklin, \"Birth of a Nation\u2014Propaganda as History,\" The Massachusetts Review 20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"<em>The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,</em>\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the", "quote_start_pos": 115334, "quote_exact": "The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Rac- ism,", "quoted_text": "The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Rac- ism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 606, "quote_prefix": "20 (Autumn 1979): 417-33. 6. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\"<em> American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, </em>\"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between", "quote_start_pos": 115430, "quote_exact": " American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 656, "quote_prefix": "February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 28. 7. Woodrow Wilson, A History of the American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"<em>The Ideals of America,</em>\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and", "quote_start_pos": 115453, "quote_exact": "The Ideals of America,", "quoted_text": "The Ideals of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 752, "quote_prefix": "American People, vol. 5, Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"<em> Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame </em>\"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and", "quote_start_pos": 115684, "quote_exact": " Atlantic Monthly, Decem- ber 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame ", "quoted_text": "Atlantic Monthly, Decem- ber 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame", "quote_start_page_pos": 775, "quote_prefix": "Reunion and Nationalization (New York, 1901), 19-20, 49-50. 8. Ibid., 49-50, 60. 9. Ibid, 62-64, 75-78. 10. Ibid., 212; see also Mary Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants\" (Unpublished seminar paper, University of California, Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"<em>populism</em>\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites,", "quote_start_pos": 115693, "quote_exact": "populism", "quoted_text": "populism", "quote_start_page_pos": 1006, "quote_prefix": "Berkeley, 1984); George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"", "quote_suffix": "\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites,", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\"<em> for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined </em>\"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites, threatened racial amalgamation. Dixon's hero achieved political power and romantic success by uniting the white South against Populism.", "quote_start_pos": 115834, "quote_exact": " for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, south- ern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined ", "quoted_text": "for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, south- ern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined", "quote_start_page_pos": 1015, "quote_prefix": "George M. Fredenckson, White Supremacy (New York, 1981), 188-91. 11. Maxwell Bloomfield, \"The Leopard's Spots: A Study in Popular Racism,\" American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites, threatened racial amalgamation. Dixon's hero achieved political power and romantic success by uniting the white South against Populism.", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"<em>the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.</em>\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites, threatened racial amalgamation. Dixon's hero achieved political power and romantic success by uniting the white South against Populism. Walter Hines Page, the anti-Populist apostle of the new, industrial South, got Doubleday to publish The Leopard's Spots. Secretary of State John Hay read proof for and endorsed", "quote_start_pos": 116013, "quote_exact": "the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.", "quoted_text": "the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.", "quote_start_page_pos": 1156, "quote_prefix": "American Quarterly 16 (Fall 1964): 387\u201492; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 79\u2014112; Woodrow Wilson, \"The Ideals of America,\" Atlantic Monthly, December 1902, pp. 721-34; Thomas Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites, threatened racial amalgamation. Dixon's hero achieved political power and romantic success by uniting the white South against Populism. Walter Hines Page, the anti-Populist apostle of the new, industrial South, got Doubleday to publish The Leopard's Spots. Secretary of State John Hay read proof for and endorsed", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\"<em> Class relations could be humanized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites, threatened racial amalgamation. Dixon's hero achieved political power and romantic success by uniting the white South against Populism. Walter Hines Page, the anti-Populist apostle of the new, industrial South, got Doubleday to publish The Leopard's Spots. Secretary of State John Hay read proof for and endorsed the second novel in Dixon's trilogy, The Clansman. Hay had been Lincoln's private secretary as a young man; he wrote the antilabor novel The Breadwinners and was the architect of America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, </em>\"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Engle-", "quote_start_pos": 117060, "quote_exact": " Class relations could be hu- manized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites, threatened racial amalgamation. Dixon's hero achieved political power and ro- mantic success by uniting the white South against Populism. Walter Hines Page, the anti-Populist apostle of the new, industrial South, got Doubleday to publish The Leopard's Spots. Secretary of State John Hay read proof for and endorsed the second novel in Dixon's trilogy, The Clansman. Hay had been Lincoln's private secretary as a young man; he wrote the antilabor novel The Breadwin- ners and was the architect of America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Pop- ulism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, ", "quoted_text": "Class relations could be hu- manized, Dixon believed, were it not for the threat of black power. But Populist demagoguery, by mobilizing the class resentments of blacks and poor whites, threatened racial amalgamation. Dixon's hero achieved political power and ro- mantic success by uniting the white South against Populism. Walter Hines Page, the anti-Populist apostle of the new, industrial South, got Doubleday to publish The Leopard's Spots. Secretary of State John Hay read proof for and endorsed the second novel in Dixon's trilogy, The Clansman. Hay had been Lincoln's private secretary as a young man; he wrote the antilabor novel The Breadwin- ners and was the architect of America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Pop- ulism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1335, "quote_prefix": "Dixon, The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden (1902; republished, Ridgewood, N.J, 1967), 334-35, 408, 439. See also Chapter 3, above. Although critics blame \"populism\" for Dixon's and Griffith's racism, southern Populism poses the racial menace in The leopard's Spots. Populism, as Dixon saw it, combined \"the two great. . . questions that shadow the future of the American people, the conflict between Labour and Capital and the conflict between the African and the Anglo-Saxon race.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Engle-", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Clansman. Hay had been Lincoln's private secretary as a young man; he wrote the antilabor novel The Breadwinners and was the architect of America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"<em>Ideals of America,</em>\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J,", "quote_start_pos": 117079, "quote_exact": "Ideals of America,", "quoted_text": "Ideals of America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2382, "quote_prefix": "Clansman. Hay had been Lincoln's private secretary as a young man; he wrote the antilabor novel The Breadwinners and was the architect of America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J,", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lincoln's private secretary as a young man; he wrote the antilabor novel The Breadwinners and was the architect of America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\"<em> 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, </em>\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion", "quote_start_pos": 117197, "quote_exact": " 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2401, "quote_prefix": "Lincoln's private secretary as a young man; he wrote the antilabor novel The Breadwinners and was the architect of America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"<em>Griffith Directs the Great War,</em>\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965),", "quote_start_pos": 117229, "quote_exact": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quoted_text": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2519, "quote_prefix": "America's imperial vision. Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965),", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"<em> 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., </em>\"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building", "quote_start_pos": 117296, "quote_exact": " 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., ", "quoted_text": "47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr.,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2551, "quote_prefix": "Dixon's attack on Populism and the endorsement of his vision by Page and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"<em>Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,</em>\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio,", "quote_start_pos": 117344, "quote_exact": "Thomas Dix- on's Mythology of Southern History,", "quoted_text": "Thomas Dix- on's Mythology of Southern History,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2618, "quote_prefix": "and Hay further illuminate the intertwined racial, class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"", "quote_suffix": "\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio,", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\"<em> journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, </em>\"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472;", "quote_start_pos": 117407, "quote_exact": " journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, ", "quoted_text": "journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2666, "quote_prefix": "class, and imperial histories that lie behind Birth. Cf. Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472;", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"<em>Wilson and the Immigrants,</em>\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit", "quote_start_pos": 117434, "quote_exact": "Wilson and the Immigrants,", "quoted_text": "Wilson and the Immigrants,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2729, "quote_prefix": "Schickel, Griffith, 29, 76-78; Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\"<em> 1\u201416; Rogin, </em>\"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the", "quote_start_pos": 117449, "quote_exact": " 1\u201416; Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "1\u201416; Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2756, "quote_prefix": "Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"<em>The King's Two Bodies,</em>\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 117472, "quote_exact": "The King's Two Bodies,", "quoted_text": "The King's Two Bodies,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2771, "quote_prefix": "Spots, 244-45; Fred A. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York,", "pages": [41, 41]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\"<em> above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, </em>\"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past,", "quote_start_pos": 117760, "quote_exact": " above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Engle- wood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Engle- wood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2794, "quote_prefix": "Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1971), 94. 12. Wilson, \"Ideals of America,\" 721-34. 13. Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 26-27; Schickel, Griffith, 224; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 171-72; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47. 14. Cook, Fire from the Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past,", "pages": [41, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"<em>Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,</em>\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei", "quote_start_pos": 117832, "quote_exact": "Nickel- odeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,", "quoted_text": "Nickel- odeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,", "quote_start_page_pos": 94, "quote_prefix": "Flint, 71; F. Garvin Davenport, Jr., \"Thomas Dixon's Mythology of Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\"<em> in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, </em>\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\"", "quote_start_pos": 118004, "quote_exact": " in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 166, "quote_prefix": "Southern History,\" journal of Southern History 36 (August 1970): 361. 15. Odem, \"Wilson and the Immigrants,\" 1\u201416; Rogin, \"The King's Two Bodies,\" above, pp. 94-99. 16. Link, Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\"", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"<em>Griffith Directs the Great War,</em>\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror,", "quote_start_pos": 118036, "quote_exact": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quoted_text": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 338, "quote_prefix": "Wilson, 467; Lawrence J. Friedman, The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror,", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"<em> 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, </em>\"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions,", "quote_start_pos": 118486, "quote_exact": " 63-65, 75-79; May, Screen- ing out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, ", "quoted_text": "63-65, 75-79; May, Screen- ing out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh,", "quote_start_page_pos": 370, "quote_prefix": "The White Savage (Englewood Cliffs, N.J, 1970), 157-63. 17. Lary May, Screening out the Past: The Birth of Mass Culture and the 342 Notes to Pages 196-200 Motion Picture Industry (New York, 1965), 19-67; Russell Merritt, \"Nickelodeon Theaters, 1905\u20141914: Building an Audience for the Movies,\" in Tino Balio, ed., The American Film Industry (Madison, Wis., 1976), 57\u201472; Jane Addams, The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets (New York, 1909), 75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions,", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"<em>David Griffith Speaks,</em>\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith,", "quote_start_pos": 118509, "quote_exact": "David Griffith Speaks,", "quoted_text": "David Griffith Speaks,", "quote_start_page_pos": 820, "quote_prefix": "75-103. 18. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith,", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\"<em> New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, </em>\"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110;", "quote_start_pos": 118582, "quote_exact": " New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, ", "quoted_text": "New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning,", "quote_start_page_pos": 843, "quote_prefix": "\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 63-65, 75-79; May, Screening out the Past, 36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110;", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"<em>Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,</em>\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George", "quote_start_pos": 118663, "quote_exact": "Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,", "quoted_text": "Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,", "quote_start_page_pos": 916, "quote_prefix": "36\u201437; Robert Sklar, Movie-Made America (New York, 1975), 105-6. 19. May, Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\"<em> Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, </em>\"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation", "quote_start_pos": 119174, "quote_exact": " Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 379- 90, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general dis- cussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, ", "quoted_text": "Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 379- 90, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general dis- cussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 997, "quote_prefix": "Screening out the Past, 52\u201453, 59; Addams, Spirit of Youth, 6, 75-100. 20. May, Screening out the Past, 71. The interpretation in these paragraphs draws heavily from May. 21. Sergei Eiscnstein, Film Form (New York, 1949), 197. 22. I rely on Schickel for Griffith's biography unless another source is indicated. 23. Robert Welsh, \"David Griffith Speaks,\" New York Dramatic Mirror, 14 January 1914, pp. 48\u201449, 54; Tom Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative: Style and Economic Background in Griffith's Biograph Films,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"<em>In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'</em>\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women", "quote_start_pos": 119240, "quote_exact": "In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'", "quoted_text": "In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'", "quote_start_page_pos": 1508, "quote_prefix": "Review of Film Studies 6 (Winter 1981): 12-25. 24. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\"<em> in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., </em>\"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph", "quote_start_pos": 119271, "quote_exact": " in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., ", "quoted_text": "in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed.,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1574, "quote_prefix": "The Education of Henry Adams (Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"<em>Image</em>\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives", "quote_start_pos": 119277, "quote_exact": "Image", "quoted_text": "Image", "quote_start_page_pos": 1605, "quote_prefix": "(Boston, 1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"", "quote_suffix": "\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\"<em> on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, </em>\"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London,", "quote_start_pos": 119395, "quote_exact": " on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, ", "quoted_text": "on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1611, "quote_prefix": "1973), 37990, 428-35; Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 1; Stephen Kern, The Culture of Time and Space, 1880-1920 (Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London,", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"<em>Griffith Speaks,</em>\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl", "quote_start_pos": 119412, "quote_exact": "Griffith Speaks,", "quoted_text": "Griffith Speaks,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1729, "quote_prefix": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\"<em> 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, </em>\"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 119476, "quote_exact": " 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, ", "quoted_text": "49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1746, "quote_prefix": "1983), 11. For general discussions of Griffith's cinematic contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York,", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"<em>Griffith Speaks,</em>\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80;", "quote_start_pos": 119493, "quote_exact": "Griffith Speaks,", "quoted_text": "Griffith Speaks,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1810, "quote_prefix": "contributions, cf. Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80;", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\"<em> 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, </em>\"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael", "quote_start_pos": 119635, "quote_exact": " 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, ", "quoted_text": "49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1827, "quote_prefix": "Williams, Griffith, 34-44; Louis Jacobs, The Rise of American Film (New York, 1967), 98\u2014110; Sklar, Movie-Made America, 48-54. 25. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Weaving a Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"<em>Weaving a Narrative,</em>\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and", "quote_start_pos": 119656, "quote_exact": "Weaving a Narrative,", "quoted_text": "Weaving a Narrative,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1969, "quote_prefix": "of American Film, 98; George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\"<em> 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, </em>\"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton", "quote_start_pos": 120145, "quote_exact": " 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Prece- dents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Cul- ture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Prece- dents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Cul- ture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1990, "quote_prefix": "George C. Pratt, \"In the Nick of Time: D. W. Griffith and the 'Last-Minute Rescue,'\" in Marshall Deutelbaum, ed., \"Image\" on the Art and Evolution of the Film (New York, 1979), 74-75; Kern, Culture of Time and Space, 29-30, 38-39; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54. 26. Jacobs, Rise of American Film, 14, 118-19; Welsh, \"Griffith Speaks,\" 49, 54; May, Screening out the Past, 73; Morton White, Social Thought in America: The Revolt Against Formalism (Boston, 1957). 27. Gunning, \"Weaving a Narrative,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"<em>Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,</em>\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics", "quote_start_pos": 120213, "quote_exact": "Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,", "quoted_text": "Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2479, "quote_prefix": "Narrative,\" 12\u201425. 28. The interpretation of the patriarchal crisis and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\"<em> Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and </em>\"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi,", "quote_start_pos": 120251, "quote_exact": " Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and ", "quoted_text": "Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and", "quote_start_page_pos": 2547, "quote_prefix": "and the male fear of women in this and the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi,", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"<em>On the Jewish Question,</em>\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring", "quote_start_pos": 120275, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question,", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2585, "quote_prefix": "the following paragraph derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\"<em> democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, </em>\"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies", "quote_start_pos": 120526, "quote_exact": " democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, ", "quoted_text": "democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2609, "quote_prefix": "derives from Nina Auerbach, Woman and the Demon (Cambridge, Mass., 1982); Rosalind Coward, Patriarchal Precedents (London, 1983); Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 208-80; Fred Weinstein and Gerald Platt, The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"<em>Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900</em>\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known", "quote_start_pos": 120622, "quote_exact": "Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900", "quoted_text": "Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900", "quote_start_page_pos": 2860, "quote_prefix": "The Wish to Be Free (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1969); Arthur Mitzman, The Iron Cage (New York, 1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known", "pages": [42, 42]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\"<em> (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 </em>\"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates", "quote_start_pos": 120711, "quote_exact": " (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 ", "quoted_text": "(Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343", "quote_start_page_pos": 2956, "quote_prefix": "1970); Michael Rogin, \"Max Weber and Woodrow Wilson: The Iron Cage in Germany and America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates", "pages": [42, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"<em>Politics and Psychoanalysis,</em>\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered", "quote_start_pos": 120740, "quote_exact": "Politics and Psychoanalysis,", "quoted_text": "Politics and Psychoanalysis,", "quote_start_page_pos": 26, "quote_prefix": "America,\" Polity 3 (Summer 1971): 557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\"<em> Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, </em>\"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud", "quote_start_pos": 120945, "quote_exact": " Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Grif- fith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, ", "quoted_text": "Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Grif- fith one-reeler, see Rick Altman,", "quote_start_page_pos": 55, "quote_prefix": "557\u201475, and \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Martin Green, The von Richtofen Sisters (New York, 1974); David M. Kennedy, Birth Control in America (New Haven, 1970), 42\u201452; Adams, Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"<em>The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,</em>\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance", "quote_start_pos": 120997, "quote_exact": "The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,", "quoted_text": "The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,", "quote_start_page_pos": 260, "quote_prefix": "Education of Henry Adams, 379-90, 427-35, 441-47, 459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\"<em> Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In </em>\"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which", "quote_start_pos": 121064, "quote_exact": " Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In ", "quoted_text": "Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In", "quote_start_page_pos": 312, "quote_prefix": "459-61; Debora L. Silvcrman, \"Nature, Nobility, and Neurology: The Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"<em>The Taboo of Virginity</em>\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and", "quote_start_pos": 121087, "quote_exact": "The Taboo of Virginity", "quoted_text": "The Taboo of Virginity", "quote_start_page_pos": 379, "quote_prefix": "Ideological Origins of 'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\"<em> Freud writes, </em>\"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that", "quote_start_pos": 121103, "quote_exact": " Freud writes, ", "quoted_text": "Freud writes,", "quote_start_page_pos": 402, "quote_prefix": "'Art Nouveau' in France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"<em>Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.</em>\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's", "quote_start_pos": 121252, "quote_exact": "Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.", "quoted_text": "Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.", "quote_start_page_pos": 418, "quote_prefix": "France, ] 889-1900\" (Ph.D. diss., Princeton University, 1983); Eugene W. Holland, Notes to Pages 201-6 343 \"Politics and Psychoanalysis,\" Salmagundi, no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\"<em> Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is </em>\"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard", "quote_start_pos": 121396, "quote_exact": " Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is ", "quoted_text": "Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is", "quote_start_page_pos": 567, "quote_prefix": "no. 66 (Winter\u2014Spring 1985): 155\u2014 70. 29. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26. 30. On binary oppositions and their breakdown, filmic and social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"<em>using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,</em>\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of", "quote_start_pos": 121443, "quote_exact": "using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,", "quoted_text": "using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,", "quote_start_page_pos": 711, "quote_prefix": "social, in a Griffith one-reeler, see Rick Altman, \"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\"<em> Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had </em>\"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished", "quote_start_pos": 121626, "quote_exact": " Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. More- over, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had ", "quoted_text": "Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. More- over, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had", "quote_start_page_pos": 758, "quote_prefix": "\"The Lonely Villa and Griffith's Paradigmatic Style,\" Quarterly Review of Film Studies 6 (Spring 1981): 123-34. 31. In \"The Taboo of Virginity\" Freud writes, \"Beheading is well-known to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"<em>divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,</em>\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457;", "quote_start_pos": 121709, "quote_exact": "divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,", "quoted_text": "divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,", "quote_start_page_pos": 941, "quote_prefix": "to us as a symbolic substitute for castration; Judith is accordingly the woman who castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457;", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\"<em> Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, </em>\"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 121834, "quote_exact": " Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, ", "quoted_text": "Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1024, "quote_prefix": "castrates the man who has deflowered her.\" Judith links beheading to castration for Freud. But he only makes that connection by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York,", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"<em>The Taboo of Virginity,</em>\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan,", "quote_start_pos": 121860, "quote_exact": "The Ta- boo of Virginity,", "quoted_text": "The Ta- boo of Virginity,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1149, "quote_prefix": "by doubly disempowering the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan,", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\"<em> in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, </em>\"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253.", "quote_start_pos": 122041, "quote_exact": " in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, ", "quoted_text": "in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1175, "quote_prefix": "the woman. Insisting that Judith is \"using a patriotic motive to mask a sexual one,\" Freud sunders her act from the political significance of beheading a king. Moreover, by analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253.", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"<em>Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century</em>\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith,", "quote_start_pos": 122114, "quote_exact": "Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century", "quoted_text": "Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century", "quote_start_page_pos": 1356, "quote_prefix": "analyzing a German play in which Judith is a virgin and suggesting that the playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith,", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\"<em> (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, </em>\"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\"", "quote_start_pos": 122166, "quote_exact": " (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, ", "quoted_text": "(Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1429, "quote_prefix": "playwright had \"divined the primordial theme that had been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\"", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"<em>Fetishism,</em>\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum,", "quote_start_pos": 122177, "quote_exact": "Fetishism,", "quoted_text": "Fetishism,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1481, "quote_prefix": "been lost in the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum,", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\"<em> in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, </em>\"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and", "quote_start_pos": 122225, "quote_exact": " in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, ", "quoted_text": "in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1492, "quote_prefix": "the tendentious biblical story,\" Freud turns a widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"<em>Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,</em>\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951):", "quote_start_pos": 122263, "quote_exact": "Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,", "quoted_text": "Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1540, "quote_prefix": "widow's power into a virgin's revenge. There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951):", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\"<em> in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, </em>\"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses", "quote_start_pos": 122426, "quote_exact": " in Karyn Kay and Ger- ald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, ", "quoted_text": "in Karyn Kay and Ger- ald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1578, "quote_prefix": "There is nothing virginal about Griffith's Judith. See Sigmund Freud, \"The Taboo of Virginity,\" in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"<em>Difference,</em>\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae", "quote_start_pos": 122440, "quote_exact": "Dif- ference,", "quoted_text": "Dif- ference,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1741, "quote_prefix": "Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\"<em> Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, </em>\"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly", "quote_start_pos": 122609, "quote_exact": " Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1755, "quote_prefix": "Works of Sigmund Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1955), 11:205\u20148. 1 am indebted for this reference to N. Sine, \"Cases of Mistaken Identity: Salome and Judith at the Turn of the Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"<em>Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,</em>\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills", "quote_start_pos": 122670, "quote_exact": "Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Dis- tractive Frame,", "quoted_text": "Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Dis- tractive Frame,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1924, "quote_prefix": "Century\" (Unpublished paper, 1985). 32. Cf. Sigmund Freud, \"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\"<em> in Deutelbaum, </em>\"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape", "quote_start_pos": 122687, "quote_exact": " in Deutelbaum, ", "quoted_text": "in Deutelbaum,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1985, "quote_prefix": "\"Fetishism,\" in Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"<em>Image,</em>\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black", "quote_start_pos": 122694, "quote_exact": "Image,", "quoted_text": "Image,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2002, "quote_prefix": "Standard Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\"<em> 47; Seymour Stern, </em>\"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black rapist; in Elderbush", "quote_start_pos": 122715, "quote_exact": " 47; Seymour Stern, ", "quoted_text": "47; Seymour Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2009, "quote_prefix": "Edition, 21:152\u201457; Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith and Poe,\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black rapist; in Elderbush", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"<em>Griffith and Poe,</em>\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black rapist; in Elderbush Gulch Indians", "quote_start_pos": 122733, "quote_exact": "Griffith and Poe,", "quoted_text": "Griffith and Poe,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2030, "quote_prefix": "Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black rapist; in Elderbush Gulch Indians", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\"<em> Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black rapist; in Elderbush Gulch Indians kill a puppy instead and are killed in turn, precipitating an Indian attack. Gish's baby crawls into danger during the attack; by rescuing it Marsh atones for her earlier transgression. It is as if, in the repetition and undoing of the earlier scene, Griffith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in", "quote_start_pos": 123830, "quote_exact": " Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black rapist; in Elderbush Gulch Indians kill a puppy instead and are killed in turn, precipitating an Indian attack. Gish's baby crawls into danger during the attack; by rescuing it Marsh atones for her earlier transgression. It is as if, in the repetition and undoing of the earlier scene, Grif- fith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, ", "quoted_text": "Films in Review 2 (November 1951): 23. 36. Griffith had used puppies to signify female independence in The Battle of Elderbush Gulch (1913). The puppies figure in a mise-en-scene whose plot, actresses (Mae Marsh and Lillian Gish), and family name (the Camerons in both movies) presage The Birth of a Nation. Marsh's puppies run off at the beginning of the action, and Marsh recklessly follows them. In Birth's parallel scene, Marsh kills herself to escape a black rapist; in Elderbush Gulch Indians kill a puppy instead and are killed in turn, precipitating an Indian attack. Gish's baby crawls into danger during the attack; by rescuing it Marsh atones for her earlier transgression. It is as if, in the repetition and undoing of the earlier scene, Grif- fith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2048, "quote_prefix": "Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karyn Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412-28; E. Ann Kaplan, Women and Film (New York, 1983), 31-52, 202; Stephen Heath, \"Difference,\" Screen 19 (Autumn, 1978): 51-112. 33. Eisenstein, Film Form, 205, 223, 227-30, 234-37, 243-45, 253. 34. Cf. Sklar, Movie-Made America, 56. 35. Cf. Russell L. Merritt, \"Mr. Griffith, The Painted Lady, and the Distractive Frame,\" in Deutelbaum, \"Image,\" 47; Seymour Stern, \"Griffith and Poe,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "into danger during the attack; by rescuing it Marsh atones for her earlier transgression. It is as if, in the repetition and undoing of the earlier scene, Griffith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and", "quote_start_pos": 123857, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3145, "quote_prefix": "into danger during the attack; by rescuing it Marsh atones for her earlier transgression. It is as if, in the repetition and undoing of the earlier scene, Griffith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and", "pages": [43, 43]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "attack; by rescuing it Marsh atones for her earlier transgression. It is as if, in the repetition and undoing of the earlier scene, Griffith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, </em>\"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The", "quote_start_pos": 123975, "quote_exact": " 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, ", "quoted_text": "123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3172, "quote_prefix": "attack; by rescuing it Marsh atones for her earlier transgression. It is as if, in the repetition and undoing of the earlier scene, Griffith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The", "pages": [43, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "earlier scene, Griffith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"<em>Putting a New Move in the Movies,</em>\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November", "quote_start_pos": 124009, "quote_exact": "Putting a New Move in the Movies,", "quoted_text": "Putting a New Move in the Movies,", "quote_start_page_pos": 45, "quote_prefix": "earlier scene, Griffith was illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\"<em> Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, </em>\"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia,", "quote_start_pos": 124308, "quote_exact": " Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, ", "quoted_text": "Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall,", "quote_start_page_pos": 79, "quote_prefix": "illustrating Freud's belief that the mature woman replaces her wish for an active sexual organ with a baby. 37. Vachel Lindsay, The Art of the Moving Picture, rev. ed. (New York, 1970), 152-53. 38. Edward Wagcnknccht, The Movies in the Age of Innocence (Norman, Okla., 1962), 98-99. 39. New York Times, 4 March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia,", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"<em>The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,</em>\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected", "quote_start_pos": 124376, "quote_exact": "The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,", "quoted_text": "The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,", "quote_start_page_pos": 378, "quote_prefix": "March 1915, p. 4; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123; Thomas Dixon, Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\"<em> in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, </em>\"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 256-62; Winthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Baltimore,", "quote_start_pos": 124472, "quote_exact": " in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of De- sire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, ", "quoted_text": "in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of De- sire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye,", "quote_start_page_pos": 446, "quote_prefix": "Jr., The Clansman (Lexington, Ky., 1970), 342; James 344 Notes to Pages 207-15 Shelley Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Birth of a Nation,\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 256-62; Winthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Baltimore,", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"<em>The Birth of a Nation,</em>\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 256-62; Winthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 429-81.", "quote_start_pos": 124495, "quote_exact": "The Birth of a Nation,", "quoted_text": "The Birth of a Nation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 542, "quote_prefix": "Hamilton, \"Putting a New Move in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 256-62; Winthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 429-81.", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\"<em> Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 256-62; Winthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 429-81. 46. Donald Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, Mammies, and Bucks (New York, 1973), 16. 47. Fawn M. Brodie, Thaddeus Stevens, Scourge of the South (New York, 1959), 86-91. 48. Ibid., 369-70, 386; Mrs. D.W. Griffith (Linda Arvidson), When the Movies Were Young (New York, 1925), 47; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 78; Dixon, Clansman, 39, 132, 143. Kim Barton has influenced my understanding of Stoneman. 49. Scene numbers are from Theodore Huff, The Birth of a Nation Shot Analysis (New York, 1961). 50. Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 140. 51. Richard Slotkin, The Crater (New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, </em>\"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman,", "quote_start_pos": 125781, "quote_exact": " Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 256-62; Winthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 429-81. 46. Donald Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, Mammies, and Bucks (New York, 1973), 16. 47. Fawn M. Brodie, Thaddeus Stevens, Scourge of the South (New York, 1959), 86-91. 48. Ibid., 369-70, 386; Mrs. D.W. Griffith (Linda Arvidson), When the Movies Were Young (New York, 1925), 47; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 78; Dixon, Clansman, 39, 132, 143. Kim Barton has influenced my understanding of Stoneman. 49. Scene numbers are from Theodore Huff, The Birth of a Nation Shot Analysis (New York, 1961). 50. Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 140. 51. Richard Slotkin, The Crater (New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, ", "quoted_text": "Scribner's, November 1937, 45-46; Schickel, Griffith, 233-34, 578; William Faulkner, Light in August (New York, 1968), 147. Cf. Fredcrickson, White Supremacy, 104. 43. Schickel, Griffith, 217-19. 44. Ibid., 220; Karl Brown, Adventures with D. W. Griffith (New York, 1973), 57. 45. Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, in Adrienne Koch and William Peden, eds., The Life and Selected Writings of Thomas Jefferson (New York, 1944), 256-62; Winthrop D. Jordan, White over Black (Baltimore, 1969), 429-81. 46. Donald Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, Mammies, and Bucks (New York, 1973), 16. 47. Fawn M. Brodie, Thaddeus Stevens, Scourge of the South (New York, 1959), 86-91. 48. Ibid., 369-70, 386; Mrs. D.W. Griffith (Linda Arvidson), When the Movies Were Young (New York, 1925), 47; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 78; Dixon, Clansman, 39, 132, 143. Kim Barton has influenced my understanding of Stoneman. 49. Scene numbers are from Theodore Huff, The Birth of a Nation Shot Analysis (New York, 1961). 50. Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 140. 51. Richard Slotkin, The Crater (New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 565, "quote_prefix": "in the Movies,\" Everybody's Magazine 32 (June 1915): 680. 40. Atlanta Constitution, 7 December 1915, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35. 41. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 98-99. 42. Lillian Gish, The Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me (Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1969), 133; Jacqueline Dowd Hall, \"The Mind That Burns in Each Body: Women, Rape, and Racial Violence,\" in Ann Snitow et al., eds., Powers of Desire (New York, 1983), 331-33, 337; Milton Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman,", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Fire from the Flint, 78; Dixon, Clansman, 39, 132, 143. Kim Barton has influenced my understanding of Stoneman. 49. Scene numbers are from Theodore Huff, The Birth of a Nation Shot Analysis (New York, 1961). 50. Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 140. 51. Richard Slotkin, The Crater (New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"<em>From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son</em>\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man", "quote_start_pos": 125873, "quote_exact": "From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son", "quoted_text": "From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son", "quote_start_page_pos": 1851, "quote_prefix": "Fire from the Flint, 78; Dixon, Clansman, 39, 132, 143. Kim Barton has influenced my understanding of Stoneman. 49. Scene numbers are from Theodore Huff, The Birth of a Nation Shot Analysis (New York, 1961). 50. Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 140. 51. Richard Slotkin, The Crater (New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "understanding of Stoneman. 49. Scene numbers are from Theodore Huff, The Birth of a Nation Shot Analysis (New York, 1961). 50. Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 140. 51. Richard Slotkin, The Crater (New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\"<em> (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, </em>\"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be", "quote_start_pos": 126067, "quote_exact": " (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, ", "quoted_text": "(quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1943, "quote_prefix": "understanding of Stoneman. 49. Scene numbers are from Theodore Huff, The Birth of a Nation Shot Analysis (New York, 1961). 50. Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 140. 51. Richard Slotkin, The Crater (New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"<em>The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,</em>\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they", "quote_start_pos": 126103, "quote_exact": "The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,", "quoted_text": "The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2137, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1980); Agee, Agee on Film, 313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\"<em> in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the </em>\"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who", "quote_start_pos": 126614, "quote_exact": " in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 30- 31; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the ", "quoted_text": "in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 30- 31; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the", "quote_start_page_pos": 2173, "quote_prefix": "313. 52. Schickel, Griffith, 227. 53. The arms belong, on close inspection, to little sister, but they are easily mistaken for the mother's. Gilbert Seldes, for example, wrote, \"From behind the door, as the soldier enters, comes the arm of his mother drawing in her son\" (quoted in Richard Griffith et al., The Movies, rev. ed. [New York, 1981], 32). Shot lengths arc in Huff, Shot Analysis. 54. Cf. Arlene Croce, quoted in Williams, Griffith, 74; and Jay Leyda, \"The Art and Death of D.W. Griffith,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who", "pages": [44, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"<em>ghosts of the Confederate dead.</em>\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert", "quote_start_pos": 126646, "quote_exact": "ghosts of the Confederate dead.", "quoted_text": "ghosts of the Confederate dead.", "quote_start_page_pos": 108, "quote_prefix": "Focus on D. W. Griffith, 161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"", "quote_suffix": "\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\"<em> See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, </em>\"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but", "quote_start_pos": 126824, "quote_exact": " See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, ", "quoted_text": "See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith,", "quote_start_page_pos": 140, "quote_prefix": "161-67. Leyda offers, nonetheless, the best analysis I have seen of the differences between the two halves of the film. 55. Dixon, Clansman, 127, 149, 163-64, 333. 56. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"<em>My Early Life,</em>\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared", "quote_start_pos": 126839, "quote_exact": "My Early Life,", "quoted_text": "My Early Life,", "quote_start_page_pos": 318, "quote_prefix": "Spots, 468, 447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\"<em> Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In </em>\"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185.", "quote_start_pos": 127218, "quote_exact": " Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In ", "quoted_text": "Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In", "quote_start_page_pos": 333, "quote_prefix": "447. 57. Ibid., 418,420. 58. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 26-28; Schickel, Griffith, 3031; Wilson, Reunion, 60; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 35; Dixon, Notes to Pages 215-23 345 Clansman, 39. Klansmen liked to be called, and to convince blacks they were, the \"ghosts of the Confederate dead.\" See Gladys-Marie Fry, Night Riders in Black Folk History (Knoxville, Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185.", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"<em>Screen Memories,</em>\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth", "quote_start_pos": 127235, "quote_exact": "Screen Memories,", "quoted_text": "Screen Memories,", "quote_start_page_pos": 712, "quote_prefix": "Tenn., 1975), 112, 136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\"<em> Freud wrote, </em>\"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation,", "quote_start_pos": 127250, "quote_exact": " Freud wrote, ", "quoted_text": "Freud wrote,", "quote_start_page_pos": 729, "quote_prefix": "136. Paul Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"<em>Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them</em>\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births", "quote_start_pos": 127512, "quote_exact": "Our childhood memories show us our ear- liest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no con- cern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them", "quoted_text": "Our childhood memories show us our ear- liest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no con- cern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them", "quote_start_page_pos": 744, "quote_prefix": "Thomas first showed me that the Klan sheets were shrouds. 59. D. W. Griffith, \"My Early Life,\" Photoplay (1916), in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 13-14, 39-40; Schickel, Griffith, 15, 555. 60. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 9-13. 61. Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\"<em> (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, </em>\"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\"", "quote_start_pos": 127667, "quote_exact": " (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, ", "quoted_text": "(Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1006, "quote_prefix": "13-14. 62. Williams, Griffith, 4; May, Screening out the Past, 68. 63. Schickel, Griffith, 15; Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 73; Robert M. Henderson, D.W. Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\"", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"<em>Brotherly Love,</em>\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American", "quote_start_pos": 127683, "quote_exact": "Brotherly Love,", "quoted_text": "Brotherly Love,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1161, "quote_prefix": "Griffith: His Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\"<em> New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\"", "quote_start_pos": 127733, "quote_exact": " New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, ", "quoted_text": "New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1177, "quote_prefix": "Life and Work (Oxford, 1972), 54. In \"Screen Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\"", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a", "quote_start_pos": 127760, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1227, "quote_prefix": "Memories,\" Freud wrote, \"Our childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, </em>\"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld,", "quote_start_pos": 127853, "quote_exact": " 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1254, "quote_prefix": "childhood memories show us our earliest memories not as they were but as they appeared at the later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"<em>Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,</em>\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon,", "quote_start_pos": 127895, "quote_exact": "Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,", "quoted_text": "Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1347, "quote_prefix": "later periods when the memories were revived. . . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": ". . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\"<em> Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation,", "quote_start_pos": 127937, "quote_exact": " Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, ", "quoted_text": "Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1389, "quote_prefix": ". . . And a number of motives, which had no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch,", "quote_start_pos": 127964, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1431, "quote_prefix": "no concern with historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; </em>\"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\"", "quote_start_pos": 127995, "quote_exact": " 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; ", "quoted_text": "66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66;", "quote_start_page_pos": 1458, "quote_prefix": "historical accuracy, had their part in thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\"", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"<em>Films and Births and Censorships,</em>\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith,", "quote_start_pos": 128029, "quote_exact": "Films and Births and Censorships,", "quoted_text": "Films and Births and Censorships,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1489, "quote_prefix": "thus forming them\" (Standard Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\"<em> The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, </em>\"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith", "quote_start_pos": 128118, "quote_exact": " The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, ", "quoted_text": "The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1523, "quote_prefix": "Edition 3:322). 64. May, Screening out the Past, 80\u201486; Cripps, Slow Fade to Black, 56\u2014 62; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"<em>The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,</em>\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the", "quote_start_pos": 128168, "quote_exact": "The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,", "quoted_text": "The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1612, "quote_prefix": "Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 7; Francis Hackett, \"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\"<em> North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, </em>\"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon,", "quote_start_pos": 128220, "quote_exact": " North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, ", "quoted_text": "North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1662, "quote_prefix": "\"Brotherly Love,\" New Republic, 20 March 1915, p. 185. 65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"<em>Mind That Bums,</em>\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots,", "quote_start_pos": 128236, "quote_exact": "Mind That Bums,", "quoted_text": "Mind That Bums,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1714, "quote_prefix": "65. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\"<em> 329; Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall,", "quote_start_pos": 128250, "quote_exact": " 329; Stern, ", "quoted_text": "329; Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1730, "quote_prefix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n.,", "quote_start_pos": 128277, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1744, "quote_prefix": "Nation, Part I,\" 170; Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n.,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 123. 69. Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil", "quote_start_pos": 128295, "quote_exact": " 123. 69. Stern, ", "quoted_text": "123. 69. Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1771, "quote_prefix": "Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male", "quote_start_pos": 128322, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1789, "quote_prefix": "a Nation, 102; Schickel, Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, </em>\"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light", "quote_start_pos": 128472, "quote_exact": " 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, ", "quoted_text": "123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1816, "quote_prefix": "Griffith, 277; Russell Merritt, \"Dixon, Griffith, and the Southern Legend,\" Cinema Journal 3 (1972): 28. 66. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 66, 123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"<em>Fighting a Vicious Film,</em>\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75.", "quote_start_pos": 128497, "quote_exact": "Fighting a Vicious Film,", "quoted_text": "Fighting a Vicious Film,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1966, "quote_prefix": "123, 164. 67. Ibid., 66; \"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75.", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\"<em> in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, </em>\"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod.", "quote_start_pos": 128755, "quote_exact": " in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between cas- tration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, ", "quoted_text": "in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between cas- tration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1991, "quote_prefix": "\"Films and Births and Censorships,\" The Survey, 3 April 1915, p. 4. 68. Friedman, White Savage, 57\u201468; Thomas Nelson Page, \"The Lynching of Negroes\u2014Its Cause and Prevention,\" North American Review 178 (1904): 36-39,45; Hall, \"Mind That Bums,\" 329; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod.", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"<em>Mind That Burns,</em>\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Mel-", "quote_start_pos": 128772, "quote_exact": "Mind That Burns,", "quoted_text": "Mind That Burns,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2249, "quote_prefix": "of a Nation, Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Mel-", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\"<em> 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, </em>\"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956),", "quote_start_pos": 128806, "quote_exact": " 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, ", "quoted_text": "347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2266, "quote_prefix": "Part I,\" 123. 69. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956),", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"<em>Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,</em>\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon,", "quote_start_pos": 128863, "quote_exact": "Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pres- sure,", "quoted_text": "Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pres- sure,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2300, "quote_prefix": "Nation, Part I,\" 123-24. 70. Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\"<em> and Catherine Gallagher, </em>\"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The", "quote_start_pos": 128890, "quote_exact": " and Catherine Gallagher, ", "quoted_text": "and Catherine Gallagher,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2357, "quote_prefix": "on D. W. Griffith, 15. 71. Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"<em>More About 'Medusa's Head,'</em>\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass.,", "quote_start_pos": 128918, "quote_exact": "More About 'Medusa's Head,'", "quoted_text": "More About 'Medusa's Head,'", "quote_start_page_pos": 2384, "quote_prefix": "Dixon, in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass.,", "pages": [45, 45]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\"<em> Representations 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castration, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84.", "quote_start_pos": 129576, "quote_exact": " Representa- tions 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castra- tion, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Mel- ville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, ", "quoted_text": "Representa- tions 4 (Fall 1983): 27-57; Faulkner, Light in August, 437-40. 75. Dixon, Clansman, 20. Light in August is Faulkner's text for the castra- tion, Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Mel- ville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2412, "quote_prefix": "Birth of a Nation, 79, 94-95; NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film,\" in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 94. Ann Banfield, in her interpretation of Artemesia Gentileschi's painting of Judith beheading Holofernes, first suggested to me the connection between castration and birth. 72. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 336. 73. Hall, \"Mind That Burns,\" 347n., 337. 74. Cf. Neil Hertz, \"Medusa's Head: Male Hysteria Under Political Pressure,\" and Catherine Gallagher, \"More About 'Medusa's Head,'\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84.", "pages": [45, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and", "quote_start_pos": 129603, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 140, "quote_prefix": "Absalom, Absalom for the brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, </em>\"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put", "quote_start_pos": 129736, "quote_exact": " 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, ", "quoted_text": "3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch,", "quote_start_page_pos": 167, "quote_prefix": "brother-sister incest, and Go Down Moses for the displacement of mother-son by father-daughter incest. 76. This scene inverts Ahab's black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"<em>Fighting a Vicious Film</em>\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black", "quote_start_pos": 129760, "quote_exact": "Fighting a Vicious Film", "quoted_text": "Fighting a Vicious Film", "quote_start_page_pos": 300, "quote_prefix": "black mass on the Pequod. See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\"<em> 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both", "quote_start_pos": 129795, "quote_exact": " 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, ", "quoted_text": "1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 324, "quote_prefix": "See Herman Melville, Moby Dick (New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and", "quote_start_pos": 129822, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 359, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1956), 140-41. 77. Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, </em>\"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to", "quote_start_pos": 129996, "quote_exact": " 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, ", "quoted_text": "5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye,", "quote_start_page_pos": 386, "quote_prefix": "Friedman, White Savage, 155; Henry W. Bragdon, Woodrow Wilson: The Academic Years (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 231. 346 Notes to Pages 223-30 78. Rene Girard, Violence and the Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"<em>The Birth of a Nation,</em>\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86.", "quote_start_pos": 130019, "quote_exact": "The Birth of a Nation,", "quoted_text": "The Birth of a Nation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 560, "quote_prefix": "Sacred (Baltimore, 1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86.", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\"<em> 4546. 83. Mackaye, </em>\"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots,", "quote_start_pos": 130042, "quote_exact": " 45- 46. 83. Mackaye, ", "quoted_text": "45- 46. 83. Mackaye,", "quote_start_page_pos": 583, "quote_prefix": "1978), 4-22, 48-49, 56-64, 79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Birth of a Nation,\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"<em>The Birth of a Nation,</em>\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart,", "quote_start_pos": 130065, "quote_exact": "The Birth of a Nation,", "quoted_text": "The Birth of a Nation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 606, "quote_prefix": "79-83, 203, 236, 307. 79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\"<em> 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face minstrelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 33. 88. Schickel, Griffith, 483; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 26; May, Screening out the Past, 218. On dependence and autonomy see Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, </em>\"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern,", "quote_start_pos": 130946, "quote_exact": " 45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face min- strelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 33. 88. Schickel, Griffith, 483; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 26; May, Screening out the Past, 218. On dependence and autonomy see Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, ", "quoted_text": "45-46. 84. D. W. Griffith, The Rise and Vail of Free Speech in America (Los Angeles, 1916), 1,5. 85. Wagenknecht, Movies in the Age of Innocence, 78\u201479. The Sambo mask put on by blacks kept black feelings hidden from whites. Both black-face min- strelsy and Klan robes, as Gladys-Marie Fry pointed out, borrow the mask to use against its originators. See Fry, Night Riders, 6. For seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 33. 88. Schickel, Griffith, 483; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 26; May, Screening out the Past, 218. On dependence and autonomy see Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith,", "quote_start_page_pos": 629, "quote_prefix": "79. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 3-4; Gish, Movies, Mr. Griffith, and Me, 139; Kevin Brownlow, The Parade's Gone By (New York, 1968), 54. 80. NAACP, Boston Branch, \"Fighting a Vicious Film\" 1 (Boston, 1915), 19. 81. Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 5, 14; Griffith, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 41. 82. Robert Toll, Blacking up: The Minstrel Show in Nineteenth-Century America (New York, 1974), 3-57, 202; Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\" 4546. 83. Mackaye, \"The Birth of a Nation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 33. 88. Schickel, Griffith, 483; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 26; May, Screening out the Past, 218. On dependence and autonomy see Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"<em>Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,</em>\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18.", "quote_start_pos": 130979, "quote_exact": "Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,", "quoted_text": "Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1510, "quote_prefix": "seeing the Klan as men in drag, I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 33. 88. Schickel, Griffith, 483; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 26; May, Screening out the Past, 218. On dependence and autonomy see Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18.", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 33. 88. Schickel, Griffith, 483; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 26; May, Screening out the Past, 218. On dependence and autonomy see Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\"<em> The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, </em>\"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown,", "quote_start_pos": 131271, "quote_exact": " The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, ", "quoted_text": "The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1543, "quote_prefix": "I am indebted to Uli Knopfelmacher. 86. Dixon, Leopard's Spots, 152, 161, 244. 87. Hart, Man Who Invented Hollywood, 33. 88. Schickel, Griffith, 483; Bogle, Toms, Coons, Mulattoes, 26; May, Screening out the Past, 218. On dependence and autonomy see Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"<em>The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,</em>\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97,", "quote_start_pos": 131331, "quote_exact": "The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,", "quoted_text": "The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1835, "quote_prefix": "Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\"<em> Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper,", "quote_start_pos": 131447, "quote_exact": " Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, ", "quoted_text": "Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1895, "quote_prefix": "(Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984). 89. Williams, Griffith, 62; May, Screening out the Past, 61. 90. D. W. Griffith, \"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20.", "quote_start_pos": 131474, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2011, "quote_prefix": "\"Five-Dollar 'Movies' Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20.", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, </em>\"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's", "quote_start_pos": 131587, "quote_exact": " 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, ", "quoted_text": "103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2038, "quote_prefix": "Prophesied,\" The Editor, 24 April 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 25. 91. Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 50-53; Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"<em>The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,</em>\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from", "quote_start_pos": 131623, "quote_exact": "The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,", "quoted_text": "The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2151, "quote_prefix": "Schickel, Griffith, 294; Lindsay, Art of the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\"<em> in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, </em>\"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt,", "quote_start_pos": 131856, "quote_exact": " in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, ", "quoted_text": "in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2187, "quote_prefix": "the Moving Picture, 74. 92. Schickel, Griffith, 294; New York Sun, 4 March 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D. W. Griffith, 86. Cf. Gatherine Gallagher, \"The Politics of Culture and the Debate over Representation,\" Representations 5 (Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"<em>With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918</em>\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith,", "quote_start_pos": 131920, "quote_exact": "With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918", "quoted_text": "With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918", "quote_start_page_pos": 2420, "quote_prefix": "(Winter 1984): 115\u201447. 93. May, Screening out the Past, 60. 94. Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\"<em> (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, </em>\"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\"", "quote_start_pos": 132082, "quote_exact": " (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Ad- vertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, ", "quoted_text": "(Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Ad- vertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2484, "quote_prefix": "Schickel, Griffith, 290; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 103-18. 95. New York American, 28 February 1915, in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 28-29. 96. D. W. Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\"", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"<em>Dixon's Mythology,</em>\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion", "quote_start_pos": 132101, "quote_exact": "Dixon's Mythology,", "quoted_text": "Dixon's Mythology,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2646, "quote_prefix": "Griffith, \"The Future of the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\"<em> 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, </em>\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt,", "quote_start_pos": 132187, "quote_exact": " 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2665, "quote_prefix": "the Two-Dollar Movie,\" in Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 100; Schickel, Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt,", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"<em>Griffith Directs the Great War,</em>\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great", "quote_start_pos": 132219, "quote_exact": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quoted_text": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2751, "quote_prefix": "Griffith, 301; Brownlow, Parade's Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great", "pages": [46, 46]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"<em> 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, </em>\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of", "quote_start_pos": 132359, "quote_exact": " 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2783, "quote_prefix": "Gone, 628\u201429; May, Screening out the Past, 73. 97. Brown, Adventures with Griffith, 177-78. 98. Cf. above, pp. 96-97, and Michael O'Malley, \"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of", "pages": [46, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"<em>Griffith Directs the Great War,</em>\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link,", "quote_start_pos": 132391, "quote_exact": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quoted_text": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 132, "quote_prefix": "\"With a Thousand Eyes: Movies and the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link,", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"<em> 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, </em>\"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield,", "quote_start_pos": 132451, "quote_exact": " 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, ", "quoted_text": "51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr,", "quote_start_page_pos": 164, "quote_prefix": "the American Public, 1908\u20141918\" (Unpublished seminar paper, Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield,", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"<em>Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,</em>\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from", "quote_start_pos": 132500, "quote_exact": "Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,", "quoted_text": "Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 224, "quote_prefix": "Berkeley, Cal., 1985), 20. O'Malley quote is from George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\"<em> Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; </em>\"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May,", "quote_start_pos": 132533, "quote_exact": " Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; ", "quoted_text": "Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23;", "quote_start_page_pos": 273, "quote_prefix": "George Creel, How We Advertised America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May,", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"<em>War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,</em>\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith,", "quote_start_pos": 132585, "quote_exact": "War, Shorn of Ro- mance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,", "quoted_text": "War, Shorn of Ro- mance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,", "quote_start_page_pos": 306, "quote_prefix": "America (New York, 1920), xv, 5. 99. Davenport, \"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith,", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\"<em> Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, </em>\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra", "quote_start_pos": 132695, "quote_exact": " Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, ", "quoted_text": "Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 358, "quote_prefix": "\"Dixon's Mythology,\" 341; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 1 84\u2014 85; May, Screening out the Past, 60; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"<em>Griffith Directs the Great War,</em>\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline", "quote_start_pos": 132727, "quote_exact": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quoted_text": "Griffith Directs the Great War,", "quote_start_page_pos": 468, "quote_prefix": "Directs the Great War,\" 47-57. Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"<em> 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, </em>\"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 132759, "quote_exact": " 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, ", "quoted_text": "57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer,", "quote_start_page_pos": 500, "quote_prefix": "Notes to Pages 231-41 347 100. Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York,", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"<em>David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,</em>\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY:", "quote_start_pos": 132801, "quote_exact": "David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,", "quoted_text": "David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,", "quote_start_page_pos": 532, "quote_prefix": "Schickel, Griffith, 353; May, Screening out the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY:", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\"<em> in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, </em>\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1.", "quote_start_pos": 132850, "quote_exact": " in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, ", "quoted_text": "in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern,", "quote_start_page_pos": 574, "quote_prefix": "the Past, 92. 101. Schickel, Griffith, 353-54; Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1.", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"<em>Birth of a Nation, Part I,</em>\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above.", "quote_start_pos": 132877, "quote_exact": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quoted_text": "Birth of a Nation, Part I,", "quote_start_page_pos": 623, "quote_prefix": "Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above.", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"<em> 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above. 2. Cf. above, pp. 63-80. 3. Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 100, 158. 4. Ibid., 328-29. 5. Cf. above, pp. 70-74. 6. On domestic ideology, cf. Barbara Welter, </em>\"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820-1860,\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966): 151-74; Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472, and Subversive Genealogy:", "quote_start_pos": 133599, "quote_exact": " 67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above. 2. Cf. above, pp. 63-80. 3. Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cam- bridge, Mass., 1978), 100, 158. 4. Ibid., 328-29. 5. Cf. above, pp. 70-74. 6. On domestic ideology, cf. Barbara Welter, ", "quoted_text": "67, 79-80; Link, Wilson, 246-47; Schickel, Griffith, 400-403. 105. Bloomfield, The Leopard's Spots, 395-96; Cook, Fire from the Flint, 196,216-23. 106. May, Screening out the Past, 60\u201461. 107. Schickel, Griffith, 416-19, 560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above. 2. Cf. above, pp. 63-80. 3. Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cam- bridge, Mass., 1978), 100, 158. 4. Ibid., 328-29. 5. Cf. above, pp. 70-74. 6. On domestic ideology, cf. Barbara Welter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 650, "quote_prefix": "the Great War,\" 51,58-59. 102. Schickel, Griffith, 354-55; Henry C. Carr, \"Griffith, Maker of Battle Scenes, Sees Real War,\" Photoplay 13 (March 1918): 23; \"War, Shorn of Romance, Is Sounding Its Own Knell,\" Current Opinion 64 (April 1918): 258. (I am indebted to Michael O'Malley for this reference.) 103. Merritt, \"Griffith Directs the Great War,\" 57. 104. G. Charles Niemeyer, \"David Wark Griffith: In Retrospect, 1965,\" in Geduld, Focus on D.W. Griffith, 129; Stern, \"Birth of a Nation, Part I,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820-1860,\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966): 151-74; Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472, and Subversive Genealogy:", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above. 2. Cf. above, pp. 63-80. 3. Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 100, 158. 4. Ibid., 328-29. 5. Cf. above, pp. 70-74. 6. On domestic ideology, cf. Barbara Welter, \"<em>The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820-1860,</em>\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966): 151-74; Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman", "quote_start_pos": 133640, "quote_exact": "The Cult of True Woman- hood: 1820-1860,", "quoted_text": "The Cult of True Woman- hood: 1820-1860,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1372, "quote_prefix": "560-64. 108. Silva, Focus on The Birth of a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above. 2. Cf. above, pp. 63-80. 3. Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 100, 158. 4. Ibid., 328-29. 5. Cf. above, pp. 70-74. 6. On domestic ideology, cf. Barbara Welter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966): 151-74; Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman", "pages": [47, 47]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above. 2. Cf. above, pp. 63-80. 3. Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 100, 158. 4. Ibid., 328-29. 5. Cf. above, pp. 70-74. 6. On domestic ideology, cf. Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820-1860,\"<em> American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966): 151-74; Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 27-30, 162-65, 187-92; and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832-1867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201486. Catherine Gallagher has deeply influenced my understanding of domestic ideology and its relation to cold war movies, here and throughout the essay. 7. On the relationship between female power in male-dominated societies and images of female pollution, see Mary Douglas, Purity and Danger (New York, 1966), 140-53. 8. On 1950s domestic ideology, sec Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), and Sara Evans, Personal Politics (New York, 1979), 3-23. 348 Notes to Pages 242-54 See also Molly Haskell, From Reverence to Rape: The Treatment of Women in the Movies (New York, 1974). 9. Philip Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 2d ed. (New York, 1955), xii, 51-53, 191-216. 10. Philip Wylie, Finnley Wren (New York, 1934); Truman Frederick Keefer, Philip Wylie (Boston, 1977), 72, 85. 11. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 194n; Keefer, Philip Wylie, 73, 78-79, 122, 127. 12. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 55, 77-78, 85, 95, 108-9; Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 196n, 216\u201417n, 318\u201420n. I am grateful to Todd Gitlin for calling my attention to Wylie's anti-Communism. 13. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 109, 125. 14. Ibid., 62-63, 125; Philip Wylie, Tomorrow (New York, 1954). 15. Richard]. Barnet, Roots of War (New York, 1972), 17; American Heritage, History of Flight (New York, 1952), 191-92, cited in Julie H. Wosk, </em>\"The Airplane in Anti-War Poetry and Art\" (Unpublished paper, 1983). 16. Wylie, Tomorrow, 30, 50-59, 141, 161-64, 268-69, 296-97, 329-30, 359-60. 17. Ibid., 230-35, 350-53, 369, 372. In Triumph (New York, 1963) Wylie pursued the fantasy of a Utopia constructed, from atomic disaster. 18. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 85. 19. Ibid., 121-22; Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time:", "quote_start_pos": 135638, "quote_exact": " American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966): 151-74; Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Jay Flie- gelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 27-30, 162-65, 187-92; and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832-1867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201486. Catherine Gallagher has deeply influenced my understanding of domestic ideology and its relation to cold war movies, here and throughout the essay. 7. On the relationship between female power in male-dominated societies and images of female pollution, see Mary Douglas, Purity and Danger (New York, 1966), 140-53. 8. On 1950s domestic ideology, sec Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), and Sara Evans, Personal Politics (New York, 1979), 3-23. 348 Notes to Pages 242-54 See also Molly Haskell, From Reverence to Rape: The Treatment of Women in the Movies (New York, 1974). 9. Philip Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 2d ed. (New York, 1955), xii, 51-53, 191-216. 10. Philip Wylie, Finnley Wren (New York, 1934); Truman Frederick Kee- fer, Philip Wylie (Boston, 1977), 72, 85. 11. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 194n; Keefer, Philip Wylie, 73, 78-79, 122, 127. 12. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 55, 77-78, 85, 95, 108-9; Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 196n, 216\u201417n, 318\u201420n. I am grateful to Todd Gitlin for calling my attention to Wylie's anti-Communism. 13. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 109, 125. 14. Ibid., 62-63, 125; Philip Wylie, Tomorrow (New York, 1954). 15. Richard]. Barnet, Roots of War (New York, 1972), 17; American Her- itage, History of Flight (New York, 1952), 191-92, cited in Julie H. Wosk, ", "quoted_text": "American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966): 151-74; Ann Douglas, The Feminization of American Culture (New York, 1977); Jay Flie- gelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982); Kathryn Kish Sklar, Catharine Beecher: A Study in American Domesticity (New Haven, 1973); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472, and Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 27-30, 162-65, 187-92; and Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English Fiction, 1832-1867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201486. Catherine Gallagher has deeply influenced my understanding of domestic ideology and its relation to cold war movies, here and throughout the essay. 7. On the relationship between female power in male-dominated societies and images of female pollution, see Mary Douglas, Purity and Danger (New York, 1966), 140-53. 8. On 1950s domestic ideology, sec Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York, 1963), and Sara Evans, Personal Politics (New York, 1979), 3-23. 348 Notes to Pages 242-54 See also Molly Haskell, From Reverence to Rape: The Treatment of Women in the Movies (New York, 1974). 9. Philip Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 2d ed. (New York, 1955), xii, 51-53, 191-216. 10. Philip Wylie, Finnley Wren (New York, 1934); Truman Frederick Kee- fer, Philip Wylie (Boston, 1977), 72, 85. 11. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 194n; Keefer, Philip Wylie, 73, 78-79, 122, 127. 12. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 55, 77-78, 85, 95, 108-9; Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 196n, 216\u201417n, 318\u201420n. I am grateful to Todd Gitlin for calling my attention to Wylie's anti-Communism. 13. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 109, 125. 14. Ibid., 62-63, 125; Philip Wylie, Tomorrow (New York, 1954). 15. Richard]. Barnet, Roots of War (New York, 1972), 17; American Her- itage, History of Flight (New York, 1952), 191-92, cited in Julie H. Wosk,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1413, "quote_prefix": "a Nation, 9. 109. Henderson, Griffith, 280-84. 110. Ezra Goodman, The Fifty-Year Decline and Fall of Hollywood (New York, 1961), 4-5. CHAPTER VIII. KISS ME DEADLY: COMMUNISM, MOTHERHOOD, AND COLD WAR MOVIES 1. Cf. chapters 2 and 7, above. 2. Cf. above, pp. 63-80. 3. Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978), 100, 158. 4. Ibid., 328-29. 5. Cf. above, pp. 70-74. 6. On domestic ideology, cf. Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820-1860,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Airplane in Anti-War Poetry and Art\" (Unpublished paper, 1983). 16. Wylie, Tomorrow, 30, 50-59, 141, 161-64, 268-69, 296-97, 329-30, 359-60. 17. Ibid., 230-35, 350-53, 369, 372. In Triumph (New York, 1963) Wylie pursued the fantasy of a Utopia constructed, from atomic disaster. 18. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 85. 19. Ibid., 121-22; Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time:", "pages": [47, 48]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Generation of Vipers, 194n; Keefer, Philip Wylie, 73, 78-79, 122, 127. 12. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 55, 77-78, 85, 95, 108-9; Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 196n, 216\u201417n, 318\u201420n. I am grateful to Todd Gitlin for calling my attention to Wylie's anti-Communism. 13. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 109, 125. 14. Ibid., 62-63, 125; Philip Wylie, Tomorrow (New York, 1954). 15. Richard]. Barnet, Roots of War (New York, 1972), 17; American Heritage, History of Flight (New York, 1952), 191-92, cited in Julie H. Wosk, \"<em>The Airplane in Anti-War Poetry and Art</em>\" (Unpublished paper, 1983). 16. Wylie, Tomorrow, 30, 50-59, 141, 161-64, 268-69, 296-97, 329-30, 359-60. 17. Ibid., 230-35, 350-53, 369, 372. In Triumph (New York, 1963) Wylie pursued the fantasy of a Utopia constructed, from atomic disaster. 18. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 85. 19. Ibid., 121-22; Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982),", "quote_start_pos": 135678, "quote_exact": "The Airplane in Anti-War Poetry and Art", "quoted_text": "The Airplane in Anti-War Poetry and Art", "quote_start_page_pos": 842, "quote_prefix": "Generation of Vipers, 194n; Keefer, Philip Wylie, 73, 78-79, 122, 127. 12. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 55, 77-78, 85, 95, 108-9; Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 196n, 216\u201417n, 318\u201420n. I am grateful to Todd Gitlin for calling my attention to Wylie's anti-Communism. 13. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 109, 125. 14. Ibid., 62-63, 125; Philip Wylie, Tomorrow (New York, 1954). 15. Richard]. Barnet, Roots of War (New York, 1972), 17; American Heritage, History of Flight (New York, 1952), 191-92, cited in Julie H. Wosk, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Unpublished paper, 1983). 16. Wylie, Tomorrow, 30, 50-59, 141, 161-64, 268-69, 296-97, 329-30, 359-60. 17. Ibid., 230-35, 350-53, 369, 372. In Triumph (New York, 1963) Wylie pursued the fantasy of a Utopia constructed, from atomic disaster. 18. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 85. 19. Ibid., 121-22; Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982),", "pages": [48, 48]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wylie, 73, 78-79, 122, 127. 12. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 55, 77-78, 85, 95, 108-9; Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 196n, 216\u201417n, 318\u201420n. I am grateful to Todd Gitlin for calling my attention to Wylie's anti-Communism. 13. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 109, 125. 14. Ibid., 62-63, 125; Philip Wylie, Tomorrow (New York, 1954). 15. Richard]. Barnet, Roots of War (New York, 1972), 17; American Heritage, History of Flight (New York, 1952), 191-92, cited in Julie H. Wosk, \"The Airplane in Anti-War Poetry and Art\"<em> (Unpublished paper, 1983). 16. Wylie, Tomorrow, 30, 50-59, 141, 161-64, 268-69, 296-97, 329-30, 359-60. 17. Ibid., 230-35, 350-53, 369, 372. In Triumph (New York, 1963) Wylie pursued the fantasy of a Utopia constructed, from atomic disaster. 18. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 85. 19. Ibid., 121-22; Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982), 57-62. Both books have been indispensable for this project. 22. Goldstein, Political Repression, 344, 347; Navasky, Naming Names, 12. 23. Navasky, Naming Names, 12; Sayre, Running Time, 86\u201491. 24. Navasky, Naming Names, 225-26; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, </em>\"Introduction,\" in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"the family of nuclear weapons", "quote_start_pos": 136474, "quote_exact": " (Unpublished paper, 1983). 16. Wylie, Tomorrow, 30, 50-59, 141, 161-64, 268-69, 296-97, 329-30, 359-60. 17. Ibid., 230-35, 350-53, 369, 372. In Triumph (New York, 1963) Wylie pursued the fantasy of a Utopia constructed, from atomic disaster. 18. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 85. 19. Ibid., 121-22; Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982), 57-62. Both books have been indispensable for this project. 22. Goldstein, Political Repression, 344, 347; Navasky, Naming Names, 12. 23. Navasky, Naming Names, 12; Sayre, Running Time, 86\u201491. 24. Navasky, Naming Names, 225-26; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, ", "quoted_text": "(Unpublished paper, 1983). 16. Wylie, Tomorrow, 30, 50-59, 141, 161-64, 268-69, 296-97, 329-30, 359-60. 17. Ibid., 230-35, 350-53, 369, 372. In Triumph (New York, 1963) Wylie pursued the fantasy of a Utopia constructed, from atomic disaster. 18. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 85. 19. Ibid., 121-22; Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982), 57-62. Both books have been indispensable for this project. 22. Goldstein, Political Repression, 344, 347; Navasky, Naming Names, 12. 23. Navasky, Naming Names, 12; Sayre, Running Time, 86\u201491. 24. Navasky, Naming Names, 225-26; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 8; Garry Wills,", "quote_start_page_pos": 882, "quote_prefix": "Wylie, 73, 78-79, 122, 127. 12. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 55, 77-78, 85, 95, 108-9; Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 196n, 216\u201417n, 318\u201420n. I am grateful to Todd Gitlin for calling my attention to Wylie's anti-Communism. 13. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 109, 125. 14. Ibid., 62-63, 125; Philip Wylie, Tomorrow (New York, 1954). 15. Richard]. Barnet, Roots of War (New York, 1972), 17; American Heritage, History of Flight (New York, 1952), 191-92, cited in Julie H. Wosk, \"The Airplane in Anti-War Poetry and Art\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Introduction,\" in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"the family of nuclear weapons", "pages": [48, 48]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982), 57-62. Both books have been indispensable for this project. 22. Goldstein, Political Repression, 344, 347; Navasky, Naming Names, 12. 23. Navasky, Naming Names, 12; Sayre, Running Time, 86\u201491. 24. Navasky, Naming Names, 225-26; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, \"<em>Introduction,</em>\" in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"the family of nuclear weapons they carry\").", "quote_start_pos": 136488, "quote_exact": "Introduction,", "quoted_text": "Introduction,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1678, "quote_prefix": "Philip Wylie, The Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982), 57-62. Both books have been indispensable for this project. 22. Goldstein, Political Repression, 344, 347; Navasky, Naming Names, 12. 23. Navasky, Naming Names, 12; Sayre, Running Time, 86\u201491. 24. Navasky, Naming Names, 225-26; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"the family of nuclear weapons they carry\").", "pages": [48, 48]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982), 57-62. Both books have been indispensable for this project. 22. Goldstein, Political Repression, 344, 347; Navasky, Naming Names, 12. 23. Navasky, Naming Names, 12; Sayre, Running Time, 86\u201491. 24. Navasky, Naming Names, 225-26; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, \"Introduction,\"<em> in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and </em>\"the family of nuclear weapons they carry\"). On these films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66", "quote_start_pos": 136947, "quote_exact": " in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fight- ing Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and ", "quoted_text": "in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fight- ing Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and", "quote_start_page_pos": 1692, "quote_prefix": "Disappearance (New York, 1951). 20. Keefer, Philip Wylie, 125. 21. Victor S. Navasky, Naming Names (New York, 1980), 167-68; Nora Sayre, Running Time: Films of the Cold War (New York, 1982), 57-62. Both books have been indispensable for this project. 22. Goldstein, Political Repression, 344, 347; Navasky, Naming Names, 12. 23. Navasky, Naming Names, 12; Sayre, Running Time, 86\u201491. 24. Navasky, Naming Names, 225-26; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, \"Introduction,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the family of nuclear weapons they carry\"). On these films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66", "pages": [48, 48]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, \"Introduction,\" in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"<em>the family of nuclear weapons they carry</em>\"). On these films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray", "quote_start_pos": 136988, "quote_exact": "the family of nuclear weapons they carry", "quoted_text": "the family of nuclear weapons they carry", "quote_start_page_pos": 2151, "quote_prefix": "1982, p. 8; Garry Wills, \"Introduction,\" in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"", "quote_suffix": "\"). On these films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray", "pages": [48, 48]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"the family of nuclear weapons they carry\"<em>). On these films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray Kempton, </em>\"Dishonorably Discharged,\" The New York Review of Books, 27 October 1983, p. 42. 33. Robert Warshow, The Immediate Experience (New York, 1975), 16371; Gallagher, Industrial Reformation, chapters 5\u20147. 34. Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Jacques Donzelot, The Policing of Families (New York, 1979). 35. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and", "quote_start_pos": 137501, "quote_exact": "). On these films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray Kempton, ", "quoted_text": "). On these films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray Kempton,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2192, "quote_prefix": "in Lillian Hcllman, Scoundrel Time (New York, 1976), 4-6. 25. University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 5. 26. Sayre, Running Time, 91. 27. Ralph de Toledano, /. Edgar Hoover (New Rochelle, N.Y., 1973), 260. In Retreat Hell! (1951) an overprotective mom tries to stop her son from fighting Communism in Korea. In Strategic Air Command (1955) the contest is between a wife at home and the all-male military hierarchy (with its eroticized B-47s and \"the family of nuclear weapons they carry\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Dishonorably Discharged,\" The New York Review of Books, 27 October 1983, p. 42. 33. Robert Warshow, The Immediate Experience (New York, 1975), 16371; Gallagher, Industrial Reformation, chapters 5\u20147. 34. Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Jacques Donzelot, The Policing of Families (New York, 1979). 35. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and", "pages": [48, 49]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray Kempton, \"<em>Dishonorably Discharged,</em>\" The New York Review of Books, 27 October 1983, p. 42. 33. Robert Warshow, The Immediate Experience (New York, 1975), 16371; Gallagher, Industrial Reformation, chapters 5\u20147. 34. Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Jacques Donzelot, The Policing of Families (New York, 1979). 35. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 137526, "quote_exact": "Dishonorably Discharged,", "quoted_text": "Dishonorably Discharged,", "quote_start_page_pos": 70, "quote_prefix": "films, see Peter Biskind, Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray Kempton, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" The New York Review of Books, 27 October 1983, p. 42. 33. Robert Warshow, The Immediate Experience (New York, 1975), 16371; Gallagher, Industrial Reformation, chapters 5\u20147. 34. Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Jacques Donzelot, The Policing of Families (New York, 1979). 35. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York,", "pages": [49, 49]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray Kempton, \"Dishonorably Discharged,\"<em> The New York Review of Books, 27 October 1983, p. 42. 33. Robert Warshow, The Immediate Experience (New York, 1975), 16371; Gallagher, Industrial Reformation, chapters 5\u20147. 34. Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality (New York, 1980); Christopher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Jacques Donzelot, The Policing of Families (New York, 1979). 35. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1977). 36. Sayre, Running Time, 91; University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 8. 37. Navasky, Naming Names, 16, 210, 280; Sayre, Running Time, 151\u2014 66. 38. Cf. above, chapter 1. 39. Navasky, Naming Names, 79. 40. Ibid., 15; Sayre, Running Time, 99-149; Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1954); Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 1-7, 216-60; and see above, chapter 1. 41. Goldstein, Political Repression, 362, 377; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 9. 42. On the contrast between the classic monster movie and the 1950s creature feature, see Andrew Griffin, </em>\"Sympathy for the Werewolf,\" in Charles Muscatine and Marlene Griffith, eds., The Borzoi College Reader, 4th ed. (New York, 1980), 508-12. A complementary transition is visible in the contrast between the two 3-D monster movies of the 1950s, Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) and It Came from Outer Space (1953). Creature is in the classic tradition; the monster is supposed to be threatening; like the bad explorer who tracks him, he attacks the female lead. Until he is provoked by that explorer,", "quote_start_pos": 138698, "quote_exact": " The New York Re- view of Books, 27 October 1983, p. 42. 33. Robert Warshow, The Immediate Experience (New York, 1975), 163- 71; Gallagher, Industrial Reformation, chapters 5\u20147. 34. Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality (New York, 1980); Christo- pher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Jacques Donzelot, The Policing of Families (New York, 1979). 35. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1977). 36. Sayre, Running Time, 91; University Art Museum, Calendar, Novem- ber 1982, p. 8. 37. Navasky, Naming Names, 16, 210, 280; Sayre, Running Time, 151\u2014 66. 38. Cf. above, chapter 1. 39. Navasky, Naming Names, 79. 40. Ibid., 15; Sayre, Running Time, 99-149; Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1954); Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 1-7, 216-60; and see above, chapter 1. 41. Goldstein, Political Repression, 362, 377; University Art Museum, Cal- endar, October 1982, p. 9. 42. On the contrast between the classic monster movie and the 1950s crea- ture feature, see Andrew Griffin, ", "quoted_text": "The New York Re- view of Books, 27 October 1983, p. 42. 33. Robert Warshow, The Immediate Experience (New York, 1975), 163- 71; Gallagher, Industrial Reformation, chapters 5\u20147. 34. Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality (New York, 1980); Christo- pher Lasch, Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977); Jacques Donzelot, The Policing of Families (New York, 1979). 35. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1977). 36. Sayre, Running Time, 91; University Art Museum, Calendar, Novem- ber 1982, p. 8. 37. Navasky, Naming Names, 16, 210, 280; Sayre, Running Time, 151\u2014 66. 38. Cf. above, chapter 1. 39. Navasky, Naming Names, 79. 40. Ibid., 15; Sayre, Running Time, 99-149; Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1954); Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 1-7, 216-60; and see above, chapter 1. 41. Goldstein, Political Repression, 362, 377; University Art Museum, Cal- endar, October 1982, p. 9. 42. On the contrast between the classic monster movie and the 1950s crea- ture feature, see Andrew Griffin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 95, "quote_prefix": "Seeing Is Believing (New York, 1983), 313, 64-69. Biskind's brilliant political interpretation of 1950s film as a whole stresses ideological differences more than I do, but his book complements at numerous places the analysis of cold war cinema offered here. 28. Wylie, Generation of Vipers, 201. 29. Cf. above, pp. 3-4. 30. That is my surmise, based on Navasky, Naming Names, 100\u2014101, 129\u2014 130, 151,280. Notes to Pages 255-66 349 31. Ibid., 232-38. 32. Cf. Murray Kempton, \"Dishonorably Discharged,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Sympathy for the Werewolf,\" in Charles Muscatine and Marlene Griffith, eds., The Borzoi College Reader, 4th ed. (New York, 1980), 508-12. A complementary transition is visible in the contrast between the two 3-D monster movies of the 1950s, Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) and It Came from Outer Space (1953). Creature is in the classic tradition; the monster is supposed to be threatening; like the bad explorer who tracks him, he attacks the female lead. Until he is provoked by that explorer,", "pages": [49, 49]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "above, chapter 1. 39. Navasky, Naming Names, 79. 40. Ibid., 15; Sayre, Running Time, 99-149; Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1954); Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 1-7, 216-60; and see above, chapter 1. 41. Goldstein, Political Repression, 362, 377; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 9. 42. On the contrast between the classic monster movie and the 1950s creature feature, see Andrew Griffin, \"<em>Sympathy for the Werewolf,</em>\" in Charles Muscatine and Marlene Griffith, eds., The Borzoi College Reader, 4th ed. (New York, 1980), 508-12. A complementary transition is visible in the contrast between the two 3-D monster movies of the 1950s, Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) and It Came from Outer Space (1953). Creature is in the classic tradition; the monster is supposed to be threatening; like the bad explorer who tracks him, he attacks the female lead. Until he is provoked by that explorer, however, the monster wants", "quote_start_pos": 138725, "quote_exact": "Sympathy for the Werewolf,", "quoted_text": "Sympathy for the Werewolf,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1267, "quote_prefix": "above, chapter 1. 39. Navasky, Naming Names, 79. 40. Ibid., 15; Sayre, Running Time, 99-149; Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1954); Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 1-7, 216-60; and see above, chapter 1. 41. Goldstein, Political Repression, 362, 377; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 9. 42. On the contrast between the classic monster movie and the 1950s creature feature, see Andrew Griffin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Charles Muscatine and Marlene Griffith, eds., The Borzoi College Reader, 4th ed. (New York, 1980), 508-12. A complementary transition is visible in the contrast between the two 3-D monster movies of the 1950s, Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) and It Came from Outer Space (1953). Creature is in the classic tradition; the monster is supposed to be threatening; like the bad explorer who tracks him, he attacks the female lead. Until he is provoked by that explorer, however, the monster wants", "pages": [49, 49]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Navasky, Naming Names, 79. 40. Ibid., 15; Sayre, Running Time, 99-149; Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1954); Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 1-7, 216-60; and see above, chapter 1. 41. Goldstein, Political Repression, 362, 377; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 9. 42. On the contrast between the classic monster movie and the 1950s creature feature, see Andrew Griffin, \"Sympathy for the Werewolf,\"<em> in Charles Muscatine and Marlene Griffith, eds., The Borzoi College Reader, 4th ed. (New York, 1980), 508-12. A complementary transition is visible in the contrast between the two 3-D monster movies of the 1950s, Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) and It Came from Outer Space (1953). Creature is in the classic tradition; the monster is supposed to be threatening; like the bad explorer who tracks him, he attacks the female lead. Until he is provoked by that explorer, however, the monster wants only to be left alone, and he is finally allowed by the good explorer to return to the sea to die. It Came from Outer Space, by contrast, intends to create sympathy for the aliens; they only need time to repair their spaceship and leave an earth that is not yet ready for them. But since the aliens take over human bodies (foreshadowing Body Snatchers) and since their symbol is an enormous (surveilling) eye, the audience rightly shares the townspeople's terror. The creature from the lagoon emerges from primitive and fecund nature; that presocial past is more sympathetic in American 1950s iconography, whatever the filmmakers thought they were doing, than the blankness of the desert in the other film and the outer space future to which it points. On the films' intentions, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing 107-8, 147-51. 43. University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, </em>\"The House that Levitt Built,\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\"", "quote_start_pos": 140130, "quote_exact": " in Charles Mus- catine and Marlene Griffith, eds., The Borzoi College Reader, 4th ed. (New York, 1980), 508-12. A complementary transition is visible in the contrast between the two 3-D monster movies of the 1950s, Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) and It Came from Outer Space (1953). Creature is in the classic tradition; the monster is supposed to be threatening; like the bad explorer who tracks him, he attacks the female lead. Until he is provoked by that explorer, however, the monster wants only to be left alone, and he is finally allowed by the good explorer to return to the sea to die. It Came from Outer Space, by contrast, intends to create sympathy for the aliens; they only need time to repair their spaceship and leave an earth that is not yet ready for them. But since the aliens take over human bodies (foreshadowing Body Snatchers) and since their symbol is an enormous (surveilling) eye, the audience rightly shares the townspeople's terror. The crea- ture from the lagoon emerges from primitive and fecund nature; that presocial past is more sympathetic in American 1950s iconography, whatever the film- makers thought they were doing, than the blankness of the desert in the other film and the outer space future to which it points. On the films' intentions, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing 107-8, 147-51. 43. University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, ", "quoted_text": "in Charles Mus- catine and Marlene Griffith, eds., The Borzoi College Reader, 4th ed. (New York, 1980), 508-12. A complementary transition is visible in the contrast between the two 3-D monster movies of the 1950s, Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) and It Came from Outer Space (1953). Creature is in the classic tradition; the monster is supposed to be threatening; like the bad explorer who tracks him, he attacks the female lead. Until he is provoked by that explorer, however, the monster wants only to be left alone, and he is finally allowed by the good explorer to return to the sea to die. It Came from Outer Space, by contrast, intends to create sympathy for the aliens; they only need time to repair their spaceship and leave an earth that is not yet ready for them. But since the aliens take over human bodies (foreshadowing Body Snatchers) and since their symbol is an enormous (surveilling) eye, the audience rightly shares the townspeople's terror. The crea- ture from the lagoon emerges from primitive and fecund nature; that presocial past is more sympathetic in American 1950s iconography, whatever the film- makers thought they were doing, than the blankness of the desert in the other film and the outer space future to which it points. On the films' intentions, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing 107-8, 147-51. 43. University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1294, "quote_prefix": "Navasky, Naming Names, 79. 40. Ibid., 15; Sayre, Running Time, 99-149; Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1954); Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy: The Radical Specter (Cambridge, Mass., 1967), 1-7, 216-60; and see above, chapter 1. 41. Goldstein, Political Repression, 362, 377; University Art Museum, Calendar, October 1982, p. 9. 42. On the contrast between the classic monster movie and the 1950s creature feature, see Andrew Griffin, \"Sympathy for the Werewolf,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The House that Levitt Built,\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\"", "pages": [49, 49]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(surveilling) eye, the audience rightly shares the townspeople's terror. The creature from the lagoon emerges from primitive and fecund nature; that presocial past is more sympathetic in American 1950s iconography, whatever the filmmakers thought they were doing, than the blankness of the desert in the other film and the outer space future to which it points. On the films' intentions, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing 107-8, 147-51. 43. University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, \"<em>The House that Levitt Built,</em>\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\" in Illuminations, Hannah", "quote_start_pos": 140159, "quote_exact": "The House that Levitt Built,", "quoted_text": "The House that Levitt Built,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2699, "quote_prefix": "(surveilling) eye, the audience rightly shares the townspeople's terror. The creature from the lagoon emerges from primitive and fecund nature; that presocial past is more sympathetic in American 1950s iconography, whatever the filmmakers thought they were doing, than the blankness of the desert in the other film and the outer space future to which it points. On the films' intentions, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing 107-8, 147-51. 43. University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\" in Illuminations, Hannah", "pages": [49, 49]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "shares the townspeople's terror. The creature from the lagoon emerges from primitive and fecund nature; that presocial past is more sympathetic in American 1950s iconography, whatever the filmmakers thought they were doing, than the blankness of the desert in the other film and the outer space future to which it points. On the films' intentions, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing 107-8, 147-51. 43. University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, \"The House that Levitt Built,\"<em> Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, </em>\"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\" in Illuminations, Hannah Arendt, ed. (New York, 1968), 242. 48. Farber, Negative Space, 129. CHAPTER IX. AMERICAN POLITICAL DEMONOLOGY: A RETROSPECTIVE 1. The realist approach characterized progressive historiography. Cf. Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, 1913); Arthur Schlesinger, The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (New York, 1918); Merrill Jensen, The", "quote_start_pos": 140576, "quote_exact": " Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpre- tation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, ", "quoted_text": "Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpre- tation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2728, "quote_prefix": "shares the townspeople's terror. The creature from the lagoon emerges from primitive and fecund nature; that presocial past is more sympathetic in American 1950s iconography, whatever the filmmakers thought they were doing, than the blankness of the desert in the other film and the outer space future to which it points. On the films' intentions, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing 107-8, 147-51. 43. University Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, \"The House that Levitt Built,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\" in Illuminations, Hannah Arendt, ed. (New York, 1968), 242. 48. Farber, Negative Space, 129. CHAPTER IX. AMERICAN POLITICAL DEMONOLOGY: A RETROSPECTIVE 1. The realist approach characterized progressive historiography. Cf. Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, 1913); Arthur Schlesinger, The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (New York, 1918); Merrill Jensen, The", "pages": [49, 50]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, \"The House that Levitt Built,\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"<em>The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,</em>\" in Illuminations, Hannah Arendt, ed. (New York, 1968), 242. 48. Farber, Negative Space, 129. CHAPTER IX. AMERICAN POLITICAL DEMONOLOGY: A RETROSPECTIVE 1. The realist approach characterized progressive historiography. Cf. Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, 1913); Arthur Schlesinger, The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (New York, 1918); Merrill Jensen, The Articles of Confederation (Madison, Wis., 1940); Leo Huberman,", "quote_start_pos": 140633, "quote_exact": "The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Repro- duction,", "quoted_text": "The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Repro- duction,", "quote_start_page_pos": 249, "quote_prefix": "Art Museum, Calendar, November 1982, p. 9; Ron Rosen, \"The House that Levitt Built,\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Illuminations, Hannah Arendt, ed. (New York, 1968), 242. 48. Farber, Negative Space, 129. CHAPTER IX. AMERICAN POLITICAL DEMONOLOGY: A RETROSPECTIVE 1. The realist approach characterized progressive historiography. Cf. Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, 1913); Arthur Schlesinger, The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (New York, 1918); Merrill Jensen, The Articles of Confederation (Madison, Wis., 1940); Leo Huberman,", "pages": [50, 50]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "House that Levitt Built,\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\"<em> in Illuminations, Hannah Arendt, ed. (New York, 1968), 242. 48. Farber, Negative Space, 129. CHAPTER IX. AMERICAN POLITICAL DEMONOLOGY: A RETROSPECTIVE 1. The realist approach characterized progressive historiography. Cf. Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, 1913); Arthur Schlesinger, The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (New York, 1918); Merrill Jensen, The Articles of Confederation (Madison, Wis., 1940); Leo Huberman, The Labor Spy Racket (New York, 1937). More recent examples include Alan Wolfe, The Seamy Side of Democracy (New York, 1978); Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978); David Wise, The American Police State (New York, 1976); Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance (New York, 1980). For the symbolist approach, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965); David Brion Davis, ed., The Pear of Conspiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971); Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America, 1790\u20141970 (New York, 1971). Lipset and Raab attribute extremism to the dispossessed on pp. 29\u201430, 34-35, 43, 62-64, 100. For symbolist analyses of particular historical movements, see on McCarthyism, Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955), and Edward Shils, The Torment of Secrecy (Glencoe, 111., 1956); on Populism, Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, </em>\"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the", "quote_start_pos": 142430, "quote_exact": " in Illuminations, Hannah Arendt, ed. (New York, 1968), 242. 48. Farber, Negative Space, 129. CHAPTER IX. AMERICAN POLITICAL DEMONOLOGY: A RETROSPECTIVE 1. The realist approach characterized progressive historiography. Cf. Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, 1913); Arthur Schlesinger, The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (New York, 1918); Merrill Jensen, The Ar- ticles of Confederation (Madison, Wis., 1940); Leo Huberman, The Labor Spy Racket (New York, 1937). More recent examples include Alan Wolfe, The Seamy Side of Democracy (New York, 1978); Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978); David Wise, The American Police State (New York, 1976); Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveil- lance (New York, 1980). For the symbolist approach, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965); David Brion Davis, ed., The Pear of Con- spiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971); Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America, 1790\u20141970 (New York, 1971). Lipset and Raab attribute extremism to the dispossessed on pp. 29\u201430, 34-35, 43, 62-64, 100. For symbolist analyses of particular historical move- ments, see on McCarthyism, Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955), and Edward Shils, The Torment of Secrecy (Glencoe, 111., 1956); on Populism, Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, ", "quoted_text": "in Illuminations, Hannah Arendt, ed. (New York, 1968), 242. 48. Farber, Negative Space, 129. CHAPTER IX. AMERICAN POLITICAL DEMONOLOGY: A RETROSPECTIVE 1. The realist approach characterized progressive historiography. Cf. Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, 1913); Arthur Schlesinger, The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution, 1763\u20141776 (New York, 1918); Merrill Jensen, The Ar- ticles of Confederation (Madison, Wis., 1940); Leo Huberman, The Labor Spy Racket (New York, 1937). More recent examples include Alan Wolfe, The Seamy Side of Democracy (New York, 1978); Robert Justin Goldstein, Political Repression in Modern America (Cambridge, Mass., 1978); David Wise, The American Police State (New York, 1976); Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveil- lance (New York, 1980). For the symbolist approach, cf. Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics (New York, 1965); David Brion Davis, ed., The Pear of Con- spiracy (Ithaca, N.Y., 1971); Seymour Martin Lipset and Earl Raab, The Politics of Unreason: Right-Wing Extremism in America, 1790\u20141970 (New York, 1971). Lipset and Raab attribute extremism to the dispossessed on pp. 29\u201430, 34-35, 43, 62-64, 100. For symbolist analyses of particular historical move- ments, see on McCarthyism, Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955), and Edward Shils, The Torment of Secrecy (Glencoe, 111., 1956); on Populism, Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis,", "quote_start_page_pos": 306, "quote_prefix": "House that Levitt Built,\" Esquire, December 1983, p. 380. For interpretation of Body Snatchers as a right-wing film, see Biskind, Seeing is Believing, 137-44. 44. Quoted in Lasch, Haven, 13. 350 Notes to Pages 267-73 45. Sayre, Running Time, 201. 46. Warshow, The Immediate Experience, 33-48, 127-203; Manny Farber, Negative Space (New York, 1971), 32-87; Pauline Kael, / Lost It at the Movies (New York, 1965), 3-94. 47. Walter Benjamin, \"The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the", "pages": [50, 50]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "ments, see on McCarthyism, Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955), and Edward Shils, The Torment of Secrecy (Glencoe, 111., 1956); on Populism, Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"<em>Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,</em>\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have", "quote_start_pos": 142537, "quote_exact": "Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti- Mormon Literature,", "quoted_text": "Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and Anti- Mormon Literature,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2103, "quote_prefix": "ments, see on McCarthyism, Daniel Bell, ed., The New American Right (New York, 1955), and Edward Shils, The Torment of Secrecy (Glencoe, 111., 1956); on Populism, Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have", "pages": [50, 50]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Torment of Secrecy (Glencoe, 111., 1956); on Populism, Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\"<em> Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and </em>\"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have used about themselves, symbolism is not. In using that term, moreover,", "quote_start_pos": 142609, "quote_exact": " Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and ", "quoted_text": "Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and", "quote_start_page_pos": 2210, "quote_prefix": "Torment of Secrecy (Glencoe, 111., 1956); on Populism, Richard Hofstadter, The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have used about themselves, symbolism is not. In using that term, moreover,", "pages": [50, 50]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"<em>Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,</em>\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have used about themselves, symbolism is not. In using that term, moreover, I do not mean to identify this group with earlier symbolist movements", "quote_start_pos": 142673, "quote_exact": "Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,", "quoted_text": "Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2282, "quote_prefix": "The Age of Reform (New York, 1955); on the abolitionists, Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have used about themselves, symbolism is not. In using that term, moreover, I do not mean to identify this group with earlier symbolist movements", "pages": [50, 50]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\"<em> American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have used about themselves, symbolism is not. In using that term, moreover, I do not mean to identify this group with earlier symbolist movements in the arts; there are certain similarities, but the uses of symbolism and the value placed upon it are very different. On the pluralists, see Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). Notes to Pages 274-78 351 2. Cf. Peter Odegard, Pressure Politics (New York, 1928), and Joseph Gusfield, Symbolic Crusade (Urbana, 111., 1963). 3. Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy. 4. American exceptionalism is acknowledged as a source of consensus theory in Seymour Martin Lipset, Political Man (New York, I960), xxv\u2014xxvi, 346, and Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, </em>\"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The", "quote_start_pos": 144184, "quote_exact": " American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have used about themselves, symbolism is not. In using that term, moreover, I do not mean to identify this group with earlier symbolist movements in the arts; there are certain similarities, but the uses of symbolism and the value placed upon it are very different. On the pluralists, see Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). Notes to Pages 274-78 351 2. Cf. Peter Odegard, Pressure Politics (New York, 1928), and Joseph Gus- field, Symbolic Crusade (Urbana, 111., 1963). 3. Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy. 4. American exceptionalism is acknowledged as a source of consensus the- ory in Seymour Martin Lipset, Political Man (New York, I960), xxv\u2014xxvi, 346, and Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Con- sensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Lib- eral Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, ", "quoted_text": "American Quarterly 15 (Summer 1963): 115\u201425. The symbolists have also been called pluralists, a label that identifies the social vision of these scholars; symbolism calls attention to their concern with the disjunction between certain belief systems and the everyday world. It should be noted, however, that although pluralism is a name some of these writers have used about themselves, symbolism is not. In using that term, moreover, I do not mean to identify this group with earlier symbolist movements in the arts; there are certain similarities, but the uses of symbolism and the value placed upon it are very different. On the pluralists, see Michael Paul Rogin, The Intellectuals and McCarthy (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). Notes to Pages 274-78 351 2. Cf. Peter Odegard, Pressure Politics (New York, 1928), and Joseph Gus- field, Symbolic Crusade (Urbana, 111., 1963). 3. Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy. 4. American exceptionalism is acknowledged as a source of consensus the- ory in Seymour Martin Lipset, Political Man (New York, I960), xxv\u2014xxvi, 346, and Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Con- sensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Lib- eral Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2346, "quote_prefix": "Stanley Elkins, Slavery (Chicago, 1959), and David Donald, Lincoln Reconsidered (New York, 1961), 19\u201436; on the American Revolution, Bernard Bailyn, The ideological Origins of the American Revolution (New York, 1967); on antebellum nativism, David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion: An Analysis of Anti-Masonic, Anti-Catholic, and AntiMormon Literature,\" Mississippi Valley Historical Review 47 (September 1960): 205\u201424, and \"Some Ideological Functions of Prejudice in Ante-Bellum America,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The", "pages": [50, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Lipset, Political Man (New York, I960), xxv\u2014xxvi, 346, and Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"<em>The Sources of the Radical Right,</em>\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y.,", "quote_start_pos": 144218, "quote_exact": "The Sources of the Radical Right,", "quoted_text": "The Sources of the Radical Right,", "quote_start_page_pos": 785, "quote_prefix": "Lipset, Political Man (New York, I960), xxv\u2014xxvi, 346, and Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y.,", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "xxv\u2014xxvi, 346, and Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\"<em> and Richard Hofstadter, </em>\"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and", "quote_start_pos": 144244, "quote_exact": " and Richard Hofstadter, ", "quoted_text": "and Richard Hofstadter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 819, "quote_prefix": "xxv\u2014xxvi, 346, and Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"<em>The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,</em>\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American", "quote_start_pos": 144278, "quote_exact": "The Pseudo-Conservative Re- volt,", "quoted_text": "The Pseudo-Conservative Re- volt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 845, "quote_prefix": "Bell, The Winding Passage (Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\"<em> in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, </em>\"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt", "quote_start_pos": 144342, "quote_exact": " in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, ", "quoted_text": "in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell,", "quote_start_page_pos": 879, "quote_prefix": "(Cambridge, Mass., 1980), 245-71. Consensus interpretations include, in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"<em>The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,</em>\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform", "quote_start_pos": 144418, "quote_exact": "The Background and Development of Marxian Social- ism in the United States,", "quoted_text": "The Background and Development of Marxian Social- ism in the United States,", "quote_start_page_pos": 943, "quote_prefix": "in addition to the above, Louis Hartz, The Liberal Tradition in America (New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\"<em> in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, </em>\"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self", "quote_start_pos": 144576, "quote_exact": " in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., So- cialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, ", "quoted_text": "in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., So- cialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1019, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1955); David M. Potter, People of Plenty (Chicago, 1954); Daniel Boorstin, The Genius of American Politics (Chicago, 1953); RichardHofstadter, The American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"<em>Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,</em>\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Haven, 1975); Mitchell", "quote_start_pos": 144604, "quote_exact": "Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,", "quoted_text": "Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1177, "quote_prefix": "American Political Tradition (New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Haven, 1975); Mitchell", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\"<em> </em>\"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Haven, 1975); Mitchell", "quote_start_pos": 144606, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 1205, "quote_prefix": "(New York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Haven, 1975); Mitchell", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"<em>Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)</em>\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Haven, 1975); Mitchell Breitwieser, Cotton Mather and Benjamin Franklin", "quote_start_pos": 144659, "quote_exact": "Pseudo-Conser- vatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)", "quoted_text": "Pseudo-Conser- vatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)", "quote_start_page_pos": 1207, "quote_prefix": "York, 1948). 5. On the status-class distinction, cf. Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Haven, 1975); Mitchell Breitwieser, Cotton Mather and Benjamin Franklin", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\"<em> in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in American Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is particularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Haven, 1975); Mitchell Breitwieser, Cotton Mather and Benjamin Franklin (New York, 1984). 8. A disproportionate number of those who wrote in or influenced the paranoid style of discourse were the children of Jewish immigrants, had been Socialists, Communists, or Trotskyists in their youth, and had in the 1950s chosen America against Russia in the cold war\u2014for example, Daniel Bell, Seymour Martin Lipset, Richard Hofstadter, Leslie Fiedler, Irving Kristol, Philip Selznick, Daniel Boorstin, Louis Hartz, and Sidney Hook. Bernard Bailyn, Stanley Elkins, and Edward Shils are also Jewish, but they did not, so far as I know, have radical pasts. Relevant work of these figures not previously cited includes Leslie Fiedler, </em>\"McCarthy,\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and", "quote_start_pos": 145814, "quote_exact": " in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in Ameri- can Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is partic- ularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Ha- ven, 1975); Mitchell Breitwieser, Cotton Mather and Benjamin Franklin (New York, 1984). 8. A disproportionate number of those who wrote in or influenced the para- noid style of discourse were the children of Jewish immigrants, had been So- cialists, Communists, or Trotskyists in their youth, and had in the 1950s chosen America against Russia in the cold war\u2014for example, Daniel Bell, Seymour Martin Lipset, Richard Hofstadter, Leslie Fiedler, Irving Kristol, Philip Selznick, Daniel Boorstin, Louis Hartz, and Sidney Hook. Bernard Bailyn, Stanley Elkins, and Edward Shils are also Jewish, but they did not, so far as I know, have radical pasts. Relevant work of these figures not previously cited includes Leslie Fiedler, ", "quoted_text": "in Daniel Bell, ed., The Radical Right (Garden City, N.Y., 1963), Age of Reform, and Anti-Intellectualism in Ameri- can Life (New York, 1963). Comparison of the chapters on Roosevelt and the New Deal in The American Political Tradition and The Age of Reform is partic- ularly instructive. Cf. also the discussion in Rogin, Intellectuals and McCarthy, 9-31. 7. Sacvan Bercovitch, The Puritan Origins of the American Self (New Ha- ven, 1975); Mitchell Breitwieser, Cotton Mather and Benjamin Franklin (New York, 1984). 8. A disproportionate number of those who wrote in or influenced the para- noid style of discourse were the children of Jewish immigrants, had been So- cialists, Communists, or Trotskyists in their youth, and had in the 1950s chosen America against Russia in the cold war\u2014for example, Daniel Bell, Seymour Martin Lipset, Richard Hofstadter, Leslie Fiedler, Irving Kristol, Philip Selznick, Daniel Boorstin, Louis Hartz, and Sidney Hook. Bernard Bailyn, Stanley Elkins, and Edward Shils are also Jewish, but they did not, so far as I know, have radical pasts. Relevant work of these figures not previously cited includes Leslie Fiedler,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1260, "quote_prefix": "Seymour Martin Lipset, \"The Sources of the Radical Right,\" and Richard Hofstadter, \"The Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" in Bell, New American Right, 1 68, 43-45. 6. Cf. Daniel Bell, \"The Background and Development of Marxian Socialism in the United States,\" in Daniel Drew Egbert and Stow Persons, eds., Socialism in American Life, 2 vols. (Princeton, 1952), 1:213\u2014405; Hofstadter, American Political Tradition, \"Pseudo-Conservative Revolt,\" \"Pseudo-Conservatism Revisited, A Postscript (1962)\"", "quote_suffix": "\"McCarthy,\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "immigrants, had been Socialists, Communists, or Trotskyists in their youth, and had in the 1950s chosen America against Russia in the cold war\u2014for example, Daniel Bell, Seymour Martin Lipset, Richard Hofstadter, Leslie Fiedler, Irving Kristol, Philip Selznick, Daniel Boorstin, Louis Hartz, and Sidney Hook. Bernard Bailyn, Stanley Elkins, and Edward Shils are also Jewish, but they did not, so far as I know, have radical pasts. Relevant work of these figures not previously cited includes Leslie Fiedler, \"<em>McCarthy,</em>\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and the other", "quote_start_pos": 145824, "quote_exact": "McCarthy,", "quoted_text": "McCarthy,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2415, "quote_prefix": "immigrants, had been Socialists, Communists, or Trotskyists in their youth, and had in the 1950s chosen America against Russia in the cold war\u2014for example, Daniel Bell, Seymour Martin Lipset, Richard Hofstadter, Leslie Fiedler, Irving Kristol, Philip Selznick, Daniel Boorstin, Louis Hartz, and Sidney Hook. Bernard Bailyn, Stanley Elkins, and Edward Shils are also Jewish, but they did not, so far as I know, have radical pasts. Relevant work of these figures not previously cited includes Leslie Fiedler, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and the other", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Socialists, Communists, or Trotskyists in their youth, and had in the 1950s chosen America against Russia in the cold war\u2014for example, Daniel Bell, Seymour Martin Lipset, Richard Hofstadter, Leslie Fiedler, Irving Kristol, Philip Selznick, Daniel Boorstin, Louis Hartz, and Sidney Hook. Bernard Bailyn, Stanley Elkins, and Edward Shils are also Jewish, but they did not, so far as I know, have radical pasts. Relevant work of these figures not previously cited includes Leslie Fiedler, \"McCarthy,\"<em> Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, </em>\"Learning to Curse\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"fragment\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses,", "quote_start_pos": 146293, "quote_exact": " Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; repub- lished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, ", "quoted_text": "Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; repub- lished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2425, "quote_prefix": "Socialists, Communists, or Trotskyists in their youth, and had in the 1950s chosen America against Russia in the cold war\u2014for example, Daniel Bell, Seymour Martin Lipset, Richard Hofstadter, Leslie Fiedler, Irving Kristol, Philip Selznick, Daniel Boorstin, Louis Hartz, and Sidney Hook. Bernard Bailyn, Stanley Elkins, and Edward Shils are also Jewish, but they did not, so far as I know, have radical pasts. Relevant work of these figures not previously cited includes Leslie Fiedler, \"McCarthy,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Learning to Curse\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"fragment\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses,", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "includes Leslie Fiedler, \"McCarthy,\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"<em>Learning to Curse</em>\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"fragment\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the", "quote_start_pos": 146311, "quote_exact": "Learning to Curse", "quoted_text": "Learning to Curse", "quote_start_page_pos": 2894, "quote_prefix": "includes Leslie Fiedler, \"McCarthy,\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"fragment\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Fiedler, \"McCarthy,\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\"<em> and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European </em>\"fragment\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class", "quote_start_pos": 146609, "quote_exact": " and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European ", "quoted_text": "and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European", "quote_start_page_pos": 2912, "quote_prefix": "Fiedler, \"McCarthy,\" Encounter 3 (August 1954): 10\u201421, and An End to Innocence (Boston, 1955); Philip Selznick, The Organizational Weapon (1952; republished, Glencoe, 111., 1960); Sidney Hook, Heresy, Yes\u2014Conspiracy, No! (New York, 1953). As the son of a Jewish, Socialist trade unionist, I come from the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\"", "quote_suffix": "\"fragment\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"<em>fragment</em>\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation.", "quote_start_pos": 146618, "quote_exact": "fragment", "quoted_text": "fragment", "quote_start_page_pos": 3210, "quote_prefix": "the next generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"", "quote_suffix": "\" settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation.", "pages": [51, 51]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"fragment\"<em> settler societies and in its treatment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation. And they finally recognize racial conflict, in their extensive analysis of support for George Wallace. But by treating the Wallace </em>\"backlash\" as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes", "quote_start_pos": 147254, "quote_exact": " settler societies and in its treat- ment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 132- 34), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation. And they finally recognize racial conflict, in their extensive analysis of support for George Wallace. But by treating the Wallace ", "quoted_text": "settler societies and in its treat- ment of race. Hartz, it should be said, is in a class by himself among consensus 352 Notes to Pages 278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 132- 34), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation. And they finally recognize racial conflict, in their extensive analysis of support for George Wallace. But by treating the Wallace", "quote_start_page_pos": 3219, "quote_prefix": "generation. 9. Cf. Itnmanuel Wallcrstein, The Modern World System (New York, 1974); Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America (Chapel Hill, N.C., 1975); Stephen J. Greenblatt, \"Learning to Curse\" and the other essays, in Fredi Chiappelli, cd., First Images of America, 2 vols. (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1976). Also compare Hartz, Liberal Tradition, with Louis Hartz, The Founding of New Societies (New York, 1964), which moves beyond Liberal Tradition both in its comparisons among European \"fragment\"", "quote_suffix": "\"backlash\" as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes", "pages": [51, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation. And they finally recognize racial conflict, in their extensive analysis of support for George Wallace. But by treating the Wallace \"<em>backlash</em>\" as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion\"", "quote_start_pos": 147263, "quote_exact": "backlash", "quoted_text": "backlash", "quote_start_page_pos": 518, "quote_prefix": "278-82 historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation. And they finally recognize racial conflict, in their extensive analysis of support for George Wallace. But by treating the Wallace \"", "quote_suffix": "\" as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion\"", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation. And they finally recognize racial conflict, in their extensive analysis of support for George Wallace. But by treating the Wallace \"backlash\"<em> as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, </em>\"Some Themes of Countersubversion\" and The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1970) to The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture (Ithaca, N.Y., 1966) and The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Revolution (Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms", "quote_start_pos": 147742, "quote_exact": " as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, ", "quoted_text": "as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis,", "quote_start_page_pos": 527, "quote_prefix": "historians; whatever his blindnesses, he offers the most brilliant and enduring perspective on American politics to come out of the 1950s. 10. Cf. Lipset and Raab, The Politics of Unreason, 62-65, 83-87, 93-99, 116-31, 209-47. The authors do deal with the Red scare of 1919-20 (pp. 13234), in the context of antiforeign but not anti-working-class agitation. And they finally recognize racial conflict, in their extensive analysis of support for George Wallace. But by treating the Wallace \"backlash\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Some Themes of Countersubversion\" and The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1970) to The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture (Ithaca, N.Y., 1966) and The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Revolution (Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Wallace \"backlash\" as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"<em>Some Themes of Countersubversion</em>\" and The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1970) to The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture (Ithaca, N.Y., 1966) and The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Revolution (Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There", "quote_start_pos": 147775, "quote_exact": "Some Themes of Countersubversion", "quoted_text": "Some Themes of Countersubversion", "quote_start_page_pos": 1006, "quote_prefix": "the Wallace \"backlash\" as a response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" and The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1970) to The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture (Ithaca, N.Y., 1966) and The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Revolution (Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion\"<em> and The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1970) to The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture (Ithaca, N.Y., 1966) and The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Revolution (Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, </em>\"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay", "quote_start_pos": 148478, "quote_exact": " and The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1970) to The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture (Ithaca, N.Y., 1966) and The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Revolution (Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contem- porary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "and The Slave Power Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style (Baton Rouge, La., 1970) to The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture (Ithaca, N.Y., 1966) and The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Revolution (Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contem- porary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1039, "quote_prefix": "response to the civil rights movement, they sever it from its roots in the racialist history of the United States. (Lipset and Raab not only elide racial oppression from American history; they also make workers into mainstays rather than victims of countersubversive movements.) Lipset, it should be noted, is perhaps the most eminent living American political sociologist and a past president of the American Political Science Association. 11. Compare David Brion Davis, \"Some Themes of Countersubversion\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"<em>On the Jewish Question,</em>\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire", "quote_start_pos": 148502, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question,", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1742, "quote_prefix": "(Ithaca, N.Y., 1975). 12. The evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question,\"<em> democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, </em>\"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire Politics,\" New York Review of Books, 28 February", "quote_start_pos": 148552, "quote_exact": " democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, ", "quoted_text": "democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1766, "quote_prefix": "evolution I have in mind can be followed in Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire Politics,\" New York Review of Books, 28 February", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"<em>Why the Neocons are Losing Out,</em>\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire Politics,\" New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism,", "quote_start_pos": 148584, "quote_exact": "Why the Neocons are Losing Out,", "quoted_text": "Why the Neocons are Losing Out,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1816, "quote_prefix": "Commentary magazine from the 1950s to the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire Politics,\" New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism,", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\"<em> Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, </em>\"Hellfire Politics,\" New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism, in addition to Bailyn, Ideological Origins, the most influential book is J. G. A. Pocock, The Machiavellian Moment (Princeton, 1975). On therapeutic politics, cf. Christopher Lasch, The New Radicalism in America, 1889-1963 (New York, 1965), Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), and The Culture of Narcissism (New York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America,", "quote_start_pos": 148996, "quote_exact": " Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chi- cago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, ", "quoted_text": "Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chi- cago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1848, "quote_prefix": "the 1980s and in the legacy of Hubert Humphrey in contemporary American politics, as it is carried out by former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and by arms negotiator Max Kampleman. There is a more troubled relationship between the New Right and such neoconservatives as Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer. Cf. Peter Steinfels, The Neoconservatives (New York, 1979); Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Hellfire Politics,\" New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism, in addition to Bailyn, Ideological Origins, the most influential book is J. G. A. Pocock, The Machiavellian Moment (Princeton, 1975). On therapeutic politics, cf. Christopher Lasch, The New Radicalism in America, 1889-1963 (New York, 1965), Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), and The Culture of Narcissism (New York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America,", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"<em>Hellfire Politics,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism, in addition to Bailyn, Ideological Origins, the most influential book is J. G. A. Pocock, The Machiavellian Moment (Princeton, 1975). On therapeutic politics, cf. Christopher Lasch, The New Radicalism in America, 1889-1963 (New York, 1965), Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), and The Culture of Narcissism (New York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local", "quote_start_pos": 149015, "quote_exact": "Hellfire Politics,", "quoted_text": "Hellfire Politics,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2260, "quote_prefix": "Question,\" democracy, Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism, in addition to Bailyn, Ideological Origins, the most influential book is J. G. A. Pocock, The Machiavellian Moment (Princeton, 1975). On therapeutic politics, cf. Christopher Lasch, The New Radicalism in America, 1889-1963 (New York, 1965), Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), and The Culture of Narcissism (New York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire Politics,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism, in addition to Bailyn, Ideological Origins, the most influential book is J. G. A. Pocock, The Machiavellian Moment (Princeton, 1975). On therapeutic politics, cf. Christopher Lasch, The New Radicalism in America, 1889-1963 (New York, 1965), Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), and The Culture of Narcissism (New York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local community in Nixon Agonistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, </em>\"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings", "quote_start_pos": 149910, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism, in addition to Bailyn, Ideological Origins, the most influential book is J. G. A. Pocock, The Machiavellian Moment (Princeton, 1975). On therapeutic politics, cf. Christopher Lasch, The New Radicalism in America, 1889-1963 (New York, 1965), Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), and The Culture of Narcissism (New York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local community in Nixon Ago- nistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in In- venting America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 28 February 1985, pp. 29\u201432. On republicanism, in addition to Bailyn, Ideological Origins, the most influential book is J. G. A. Pocock, The Machiavellian Moment (Princeton, 1975). On therapeutic politics, cf. Christopher Lasch, The New Radicalism in America, 1889-1963 (New York, 1965), Haven in a Heartless World (New York, 1977), and The Culture of Narcissism (New York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local community in Nixon Ago- nistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in In- venting America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2279, "quote_prefix": "Spring 1983, pp. 101-14; Alan Wolfe, \"Why the Neocons are Losing Out,\" Nation, 3 September 1985, pp. 265, 281-82. 13. Cf. Lipset, Political Man, 439-56; Daniel Bell, The End of Ideology (Glencoe, 111., 1960); Clifford Gecrtz, The Interpretation of Culture (New York, 1973); Grant Webster, The Republic of Letters (Baltimore, 1979); James E. Breslin, From Modern to Contemporary: American Poetry, 1945\u20141965 (Chicago, 1984), 23-52. 14. A useful recent review essay is Gordon Wood, \"Hellfire Politics,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local community in Nixon Agonistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"<em>On Ethnographic Authority,</em>\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on", "quote_start_pos": 149937, "quote_exact": "On Ethnographic Authority,", "quoted_text": "On Ethnographic Authority,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3174, "quote_prefix": "York, 1979). Garry Wills has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local community in Nixon Agonistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local community in Nixon Agonistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\"<em> Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, </em>\"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448,", "quote_start_pos": 149994, "quote_exact": " Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, ", "quoted_text": "Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3201, "quote_prefix": "has also sought an alternative to Lockean liberalism within America, first in local community in Nixon Agonistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448,", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "America, first in local community in Nixon Agonistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"<em>Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,</em>\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys", "quote_start_pos": 150075, "quote_exact": "Repre- sentations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,", "quoted_text": "Repre- sentations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3258, "quote_prefix": "America, first in local community in Nixon Agonistes (Boston, Mass., 1970), then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys", "pages": [52, 52]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\"<em> in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, </em>\"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad", "quote_start_pos": 150340, "quote_exact": " in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, ", "quoted_text": "in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3339, "quote_prefix": "then in Scottish commonsense philosophy in Inventing America (Garden City, N.Y., 1978) and Explaining America (Garden City, N.Y., 1981). For a critique of these efforts to escape liberalism in America, see John P. Diggins, The Lost Soul of American Politics (New York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad", "pages": [52, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"<em>On the Jewish Question,</em>\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis.,", "quote_start_pos": 150364, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question,", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 187, "quote_prefix": "York, 1984). 15. Cf. the sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis.,", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"<em> in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and </em>\"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis., 1978), xii\u2014xiv, 18\u201422, 152\u201455. The quote is on p. 164. See also Bercovitch, Puritan Origins; Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York,", "quote_start_pos": 150502, "quote_exact": " in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and ", "quoted_text": "in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and", "quote_start_page_pos": 211, "quote_prefix": "sources cited in n. 13 above; James Clifford, \"On Ethnographic Authority,\" Representations 2 (Spring 1983): 118\u201446; Paul Rabinow, \"Representations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis., 1978), xii\u2014xiv, 18\u201422, 152\u201455. The quote is on p. 164. See also Bercovitch, Puritan Origins; Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York,", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "sentations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"<em>The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,</em>\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis., 1978), xii\u2014xiv, 18\u201422, 152\u201455. The quote is on p. 164. See also Bercovitch, Puritan Origins; Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971); Perry Miller, Nature's Nation (Cambridge,", "quote_start_pos": 150546, "quote_exact": "The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,", "quoted_text": "The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,", "quote_start_page_pos": 349, "quote_prefix": "sentations Are Social Facts: Modernity and Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis., 1978), xii\u2014xiv, 18\u201422, 152\u201455. The quote is on p. 164. See also Bercovitch, Puritan Origins; Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971); Perry Miller, Nature's Nation (Cambridge,", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\"<em> in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis., 1978), xii\u2014xiv, 18\u201422, 152\u201455. The quote is on p. 164. See also Bercovitch, Puritan Origins; Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971); Perry Miller, Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). The president embodies the imperial self. Examples of presidential hagiography in normal political science are discussed in Joseph Cronin, The State of the Presidency, 2d ed. (Boston, 1980), 95-118. As Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, </em>\"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\"", "quote_start_pos": 151634, "quote_exact": " in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis., 1978), xii\u2014xiv, 18\u201422, 152\u201455. The quote is on p. 164. See also Bercovitch, Puritan Origins; Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971); Perry Miller, Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). The president embodies the impe- rial self. Examples of presidential hagiography in normal political science are discussed in Joseph Cronin, The State of the Presidency, 2d ed. (Boston, 1980), 95-118. As Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, ", "quoted_text": "in David Fernbach, ed., Surveys from Exile (New York, 1974). Cf. also Michael Paul Rogin, Subversive Genealogy: The Politics and Art of Herman Melville (New York, 1983), 16\u201421, and chapter 6, above; Paul Thomas, Marx and the Anarchists (London, 1980). 17. Cf. Sacvan Bercovitch, The American Jeremiad (Madison, Wis., 1978), xii\u2014xiv, 18\u201422, 152\u201455. The quote is on p. 164. See also Bercovitch, Puritan Origins; Quentin Anderson, The Imperial Self (New York, 1971); Perry Miller, Nature's Nation (Cambridge, Mass., 1967). The president embodies the impe- rial self. Examples of presidential hagiography in normal political science are discussed in Joseph Cronin, The State of the Presidency, 2d ed. (Boston, 1980), 95-118. As Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham,", "quote_start_page_pos": 393, "quote_prefix": "Postmodernity in Anthropology,\" in James Clifford and George Marcus, eds., Writing Culture (Berkeley and Los Notes to Pages 282-87 353 Angeles, 1986); Richard Slotkin, The Fatal Environment (New York, 1985), 15-32; Fredric Jameson, The Political Unconscious (Ithaca, N.Y., 1981). 16. Karl Marx, \"On the Jewish Question,\" in Loyd D. Easton and Kurt H. Guddat, eds., Writings of the Young Marx on Philosophy and Society (Garden City, N.Y., 1967), 216\u201448, and \"The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\"", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "presidential hagiography in normal political science are discussed in Joseph Cronin, The State of the Presidency, 2d ed. (Boston, 1980), 95-118. As Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"<em>The American Earthquake,</em>\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed.,", "quote_start_pos": 151659, "quote_exact": "The American Earthquake,", "quoted_text": "The American Earthquake,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1481, "quote_prefix": "presidential hagiography in normal political science are discussed in Joseph Cronin, The State of the Presidency, 2d ed. (Boston, 1980), 95-118. As Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed.,", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "political science are discussed in Joseph Cronin, The State of the Presidency, 2d ed. (Boston, 1980), 95-118. As Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\"<em> in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, </em>\"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology", "quote_start_pos": 151770, "quote_exact": " in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, ", "quoted_text": "in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1506, "quote_prefix": "political science are discussed in Joseph Cronin, The State of the Presidency, 2d ed. (Boston, 1980), 95-118. As Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"<em>On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,</em>\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed", "quote_start_pos": 151829, "quote_exact": "On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,", "quoted_text": "On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1617, "quote_prefix": "Walter Dean Burnham has cited cross-national survey data to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\"<em> New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, </em>\"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and", "quote_start_pos": 152108, "quote_exact": " New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, ", "quoted_text": "New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1676, "quote_prefix": "to show, the more modernized a country, the less importance do respondents give to religion as a force in their lives. The single striking exception to this strong correlation is the United States, which is at once the most modernized and most religious among industrial nations. See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"<em>Ideology as a Cultural System,</em>\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality", "quote_start_pos": 152141, "quote_exact": "Ide- ology as a Cultural System,", "quoted_text": "Ide- ology as a Cultural System,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1955, "quote_prefix": "See Walter Dean Burnham, \"The American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\"<em> in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, </em>\"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910);", "quote_start_pos": 152376, "quote_exact": " in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, ", "quoted_text": "in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1988, "quote_prefix": "American Earthquake,\" in Thomas Ferguson and Joel Rogers, eds., The Hidden Election (New York, 1981), 132-39. 18. Theodore Draper, \"On Nuclear War: An Exchange with the Secretary of Defense,\" New York Review of Books, 18 August 1983, pp. 27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910);", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"<em>The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,</em>\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New", "quote_start_pos": 152422, "quote_exact": "The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,", "quoted_text": "The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2223, "quote_prefix": "27\u201433; Robert Scheer, 'With Enough Shovels: Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\"<em> in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, </em>\"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964).", "quote_start_pos": 152489, "quote_exact": " in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, ", "quoted_text": "in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2269, "quote_prefix": "Reagan,. Bush, and Nuclear War (New York, 1982), 19, 30-32, 60, 174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964).", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"<em>Conservatism and Personality,</em>\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud:", "quote_start_pos": 152519, "quote_exact": "Conservatism and Personality,", "quoted_text": "Conservatism and Personality,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2336, "quote_prefix": "174-75; San Francisco Chronicle, 9 May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud:", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\"<em> American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, </em>\"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault,", "quote_start_pos": 152741, "quote_exact": " American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, ", "quoted_text": "American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2366, "quote_prefix": "May 1985, p. 25. 19. On Marxist and Freudian theories of ideology, see Clifford Geertz, \"Ideology as a Cultural System,\" in David Apter, ed., Ideology and Discontent (New York, 1964), 47\u201476. For examples of the replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"A Modern Lear,\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault,", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"<em>A Modern Lear,</em>\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality", "quote_start_pos": 152756, "quote_exact": "A Modern Lear,", "quoted_text": "A Modern Lear,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2588, "quote_prefix": "replacement of ideology by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\"<em> in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, </em>\"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of", "quote_start_pos": 153343, "quote_exact": " in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chi- cago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Am- nesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Disci- pline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, ", "quoted_text": "in Ray Ginger, ed., American Social Thought (New York, 1961), 189-203, and Twenty Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chi- cago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Am- nesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Disci- pline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2603, "quote_prefix": "by psychology in 1950s social science, see Milton Rokcach, The Open and Closed Mind (New York, 1960); Philip Converse, \"The Nature of Belief Systems in Mass Publics,\" in Apter, Ideology and Discontent, 206\u201461; and Herbert McClosky, \"Conservatism and Personality,\" American Political Science Review 52 (March 1958): 27\u201445. 20. See Catherine Gallagher and Thomas Laqucur, eds., Sexuality and the Social Body (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1987). 21. Cf. Lasch, New Radicalism; Jane Addams, \"A Modern Lear,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"<em>Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,</em>\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace,", "quote_start_pos": 153403, "quote_exact": "Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,", "quoted_text": "Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3190, "quote_prefix": "Years at Hull House (New York, 1910); Herbert Croly, The Promise of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace,", "pages": [53, 53]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\"<em> in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, </em>\"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine", "quote_start_pos": 153690, "quote_exact": " in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, ", "quoted_text": "in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3250, "quote_prefix": "of American Life (New York, 1909); Samuel Haber, Efficiency and Uplift (Chicago, 1964). 22. Cf. Philip Rieff, Freud: The Mind of the Moralist (New York, 1959) and The Triumph of the Therapeutic (New York, 1966); Russell Jacoby, Social Amnesia (Boston, 1975); Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine", "pages": [53, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"<em>Women and Democratic Citizenship</em>\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation", "quote_start_pos": 153723, "quote_exact": "Women and Democratic Citizenship", "quoted_text": "Women and Democratic Citizenship", "quote_start_page_pos": 213, "quote_prefix": "and Civilization (New York, 1962); Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation", "pages": [54, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\"<em> (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, </em>\"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\" American", "quote_start_pos": 153908, "quote_exact": " (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Mi- chael Wallace, ", "quoted_text": "(Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Mi- chael Wallace,", "quote_start_page_pos": 246, "quote_prefix": "Michel Foucault, A History of Sexuality (New York, 1978) and Discipline and Punish (New York, 1977); Carl Schorske, \"Politics and Parricide in Freud's Interpretation of Dreams,\" in Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\" American", "pages": [54, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"<em>The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,</em>\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977);", "quote_start_pos": 153987, "quote_exact": "The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of Na- tional Liberation,", "quoted_text": "The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of Na- tional Liberation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 431, "quote_prefix": "Fin-de-Siecle Vienna, Politics and Culture (New York, 1980), 181-207. 354 Notes to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977);", "pages": [54, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\"<em> Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, </em>\"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472. 26. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955), and The Psychoanalysis of Children (London, 1932); Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (Middletown, Conn., 1959) and Love's", "quote_start_pos": 154359, "quote_exact": " Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriar- chal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gal- lagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Dis- course and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, ", "quoted_text": "Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriar- chal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gal- lagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Dis- course and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter,", "quote_start_page_pos": 510, "quote_prefix": "to Pages 288-92 23. Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Capital, 1845-1875 (New York, 1975), 239-40. 24. Cf. C. B. MacPherson, The Political Theory of Possessive Individualism (London, 1964). 25. Carole Pateman, \"Women and Democratic Citizenship\" (Jeffersonian Memorial Lecture, University of California, Berkeley, 19 February 1985). On the American significance of the Lockean family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472. 26. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955), and The Psychoanalysis of Children (London, 1932); Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (Middletown, Conn., 1959) and Love's", "pages": [54, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"<em>The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,</em>\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472. 26. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955), and The Psychoanalysis of Children (London, 1932); Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (Middletown, Conn., 1959) and Love's Body (New York, 1966); Dorothy Dinnerstein,", "quote_start_pos": 154398, "quote_exact": "The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,", "quoted_text": "The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,", "quote_start_page_pos": 882, "quote_prefix": "family, cf. Edgar G. Burrows and Michael Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472. 26. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955), and The Psychoanalysis of Children (London, 1932); Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (Middletown, Conn., 1959) and Love's Body (New York, 1966); Dorothy Dinnerstein,", "pages": [54, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\"<em> American Quarterly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472. 26. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955), and The Psychoanalysis of Children (London, 1932); Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (Middletown, Conn., 1959) and Love's Body (New York, 1966); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1976). (One need not accept Klein's periodization of the first two years of life to be influenced by her formulations as a whole.) 27. Nancy Chodorow, The Reproduction of Mothering (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 104-7. 28. In addition to the sources cited in the two previous notes, cf. Harry Guntrip, Psychoanalytic Theory, Therapy, and the Self (New York, 1971); Gayle Rubin, </em>\"The Traffic in Women: Notes on the Political Economy of Sex,\" in Rayna Reitter, ed., Toward an Anthropology of Women (New York, 1975), 157-210; and Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984) 16396. I want also to acknowledge applications of feminist psychoanalytic theory to culture and politics that have influenced my own understanding: Lillian Rubin, Intimate Strangers (New York, 1983); Hanna Fcnichcl Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought ofNiccolo Machiavelli", "quote_start_pos": 155331, "quote_exact": " American Quar- terly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472. 26. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955), and The Psychoanalysis of Children (London, 1932); Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (Middle- town, Conn., 1959) and Love's Body (New York, 1966); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1976). (One need not accept Klein's periodization of the first two years of life to be influenced by her for- mulations as a whole.) 27. Nancy Chodorow, The Reproduction of Mothering (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 104-7. 28. In addition to the sources cited in the two previous notes, cf. Harry Guntrip, Psychoanalytic Theory, Therapy, and the Self (New York, 1971); Gayle Rubin, ", "quoted_text": "American Quar- terly 18 (Summer 1966); Nancy Cott, The Bonds of Womanhood (New Haven, 1977); Michael Paul Rogin, Fathers and Children: Andrew Jackson and the Subjugation of the American Indian (New York, 1975), 63\u201472. 26. Cf. Melanie Klein, Contributions to Psychoanalysis (London, 1948), New Directions in Psychoanalysis (London, 1955), and The Psychoanalysis of Children (London, 1932); Norman O. Brown, Life Against Death (Middle- town, Conn., 1959) and Love's Body (New York, 1966); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1976). (One need not accept Klein's periodization of the first two years of life to be influenced by her for- mulations as a whole.) 27. Nancy Chodorow, The Reproduction of Mothering (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 104-7. 28. In addition to the sources cited in the two previous notes, cf. Harry Guntrip, Psychoanalytic Theory, Therapy, and the Self (New York, 1971); Gayle Rubin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 921, "quote_prefix": "Wallace, \"The American Revolution: The Ideology and Psychology of National Liberation,\" Perspectives in American History 6 (1972), 167\u2014206; Jay Fliegelman, Prodigals and Pilgrims: The American Revolution Against Patriarchal Authority (New York, 1982). On domestic ideology, cf. Catherine Gallagher, The Industrial Reformation of English fiction, 1832\u20141867: Social Discourse and Narrative Form (Chicago, 1985), 113\u201484, and, for America, Barbara Welter, \"The Cult of True Womanhood: 1820\u20141860,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Traffic in Women: Notes on the Political Economy of Sex,\" in Rayna Reitter, ed., Toward an Anthropology of Women (New York, 1975), 157-210; and Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984) 16396. I want also to acknowledge applications of feminist psychoanalytic theory to culture and politics that have influenced my own understanding: Lillian Rubin, Intimate Strangers (New York, 1983); Hanna Fcnichcl Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought ofNiccolo Machiavelli", "pages": [54, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Middletown, Conn., 1959) and Love's Body (New York, 1966); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1976). (One need not accept Klein's periodization of the first two years of life to be influenced by her formulations as a whole.) 27. Nancy Chodorow, The Reproduction of Mothering (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 104-7. 28. In addition to the sources cited in the two previous notes, cf. Harry Guntrip, Psychoanalytic Theory, Therapy, and the Self (New York, 1971); Gayle Rubin, \"<em>The Traffic in Women: Notes on the Political Economy of Sex,</em>\" in Rayna Reitter, ed., Toward an Anthropology of Women (New York, 1975), 157-210; and Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984) 16396. I want also to acknowledge applications of feminist psychoanalytic theory to culture and politics that have influenced my own understanding: Lillian Rubin, Intimate Strangers (New York, 1983); Hanna Fcnichcl Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought ofNiccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984); Kim Chernin, The Hungry", "quote_start_pos": 155392, "quote_exact": "The Traffic in Women: Notes on the Political Economy of Sex,", "quoted_text": "The Traffic in Women: Notes on the Political Economy of Sex,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1854, "quote_prefix": "(Middletown, Conn., 1959) and Love's Body (New York, 1966); Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1976). (One need not accept Klein's periodization of the first two years of life to be influenced by her formulations as a whole.) 27. Nancy Chodorow, The Reproduction of Mothering (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 104-7. 28. In addition to the sources cited in the two previous notes, cf. Harry Guntrip, Psychoanalytic Theory, Therapy, and the Self (New York, 1971); Gayle Rubin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Rayna Reitter, ed., Toward an Anthropology of Women (New York, 1975), 157-210; and Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984) 16396. I want also to acknowledge applications of feminist psychoanalytic theory to culture and politics that have influenced my own understanding: Lillian Rubin, Intimate Strangers (New York, 1983); Hanna Fcnichcl Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought ofNiccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984); Kim Chernin, The Hungry", "pages": [54, 54]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1976). (One need not accept Klein's periodization of the first two years of life to be influenced by her formulations as a whole.) 27. Nancy Chodorow, The Reproduction of Mothering (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 104-7. 28. In addition to the sources cited in the two previous notes, cf. Harry Guntrip, Psychoanalytic Theory, Therapy, and the Self (New York, 1971); Gayle Rubin, \"The Traffic in Women: Notes on the Political Economy of Sex,\"<em> in Rayna Reitter, ed., Toward an Anthropology of Women (New York, 1975), 157-210; and Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984) 16396. I want also to acknowledge applications of feminist psychoanalytic theory to culture and politics that have influenced my own understanding: Lillian Rubin, Intimate Strangers (New York, 1983); Hanna Fcnichcl Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought ofNiccolo Machiavelli (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1984); Kim Chernin, The Hungry Self (New York, 1985); Coppelia Kahn, Man's F.state: Masculine Identity in Shakespeare (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1981); and Elizabeth Abel, Virginia Woolf and the Fictions of Psychoanalysis (forthcoming). 29. Cf. Mark Poster, Critical Theory of the Family (New York, 1978), and Eli Zaretsky, Capitalism, the Family, and Personal Life (New York, 1976). 30. Some writers, for example, have connected the terror of maternal invasion to social changes originating outside the home, changes that have both influenced the character of the family and had a direct impact on the psyche. This position links the breakdown of paternally based public authorities and the rise of pseudo-personal invasive institutions to the shift from neurotic symptoms (isolated within the character structure) to undifferentiated, prc-oedipal Notes to Pages 292-97 355 character disorders that take over the whole personality. The changes these writers see, from production to consumption and from character to personality, bear on the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, </em>\"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well.", "quote_start_pos": 157112, "quote_exact": " in Rayna Reitter, ed., Toward an Anthropology of Women (New York, 1975), 157-210; and Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984) 163- 96. I want also to acknowledge applications of feminist psychoanalytic theory to culture and politics that have influenced my own understanding: Lillian Rubin, Intimate Strangers (New York, 1983); Hanna Fcnichcl Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought ofNiccolo Machiavelli (Berke- ley and Los Angeles, 1984); Kim Chernin, The Hungry Self (New York, 1985); Coppelia Kahn, Man's F.state: Masculine Identity in Shakespeare (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1981); and Elizabeth Abel, Virginia Woolf and the Fictions of Psychoanalysis (forthcoming). 29. Cf. Mark Poster, Critical Theory of the Family (New York, 1978), and Eli Zaretsky, Capitalism, the Family, and Personal Life (New York, 1976). 30. Some writers, for example, have connected the terror of maternal inva- sion to social changes originating outside the home, changes that have both influenced the character of the family and had a direct impact on the psyche. This position links the breakdown of paternally based public authorities and the rise of pseudo-personal invasive institutions to the shift from neurotic symp- toms (isolated within the character structure) to undifferentiated, prc-oedipal Notes to Pages 292-97 355 character disorders that take over the whole personality. The changes these writ- ers see, from production to consumption and from character to personality, bear on the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonol- ogy. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, ", "quoted_text": "in Rayna Reitter, ed., Toward an Anthropology of Women (New York, 1975), 157-210; and Christopher Lasch, The Minimal Self (New York, 1984) 163- 96. I want also to acknowledge applications of feminist psychoanalytic theory to culture and politics that have influenced my own understanding: Lillian Rubin, Intimate Strangers (New York, 1983); Hanna Fcnichcl Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought ofNiccolo Machiavelli (Berke- ley and Los Angeles, 1984); Kim Chernin, The Hungry Self (New York, 1985); Coppelia Kahn, Man's F.state: Masculine Identity in Shakespeare (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1981); and Elizabeth Abel, Virginia Woolf and the Fictions of Psychoanalysis (forthcoming). 29. Cf. Mark Poster, Critical Theory of the Family (New York, 1978), and Eli Zaretsky, Capitalism, the Family, and Personal Life (New York, 1976). 30. Some writers, for example, have connected the terror of maternal inva- sion to social changes originating outside the home, changes that have both influenced the character of the family and had a direct impact on the psyche. This position links the breakdown of paternally based public authorities and the rise of pseudo-personal invasive institutions to the shift from neurotic symp- toms (isolated within the character structure) to undifferentiated, prc-oedipal Notes to Pages 292-97 355 character disorders that take over the whole personality. The changes these writ- ers see, from production to consumption and from character to personality, bear on the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonol- ogy. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1915, "quote_prefix": "Dorothy Dinnerstein, The Mermaid and the Minotaur (New York, 1976). (One need not accept Klein's periodization of the first two years of life to be influenced by her formulations as a whole.) 27. Nancy Chodorow, The Reproduction of Mothering (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 104-7. 28. In addition to the sources cited in the two previous notes, cf. Harry Guntrip, Psychoanalytic Theory, Therapy, and the Self (New York, 1971); Gayle Rubin, \"The Traffic in Women: Notes on the Political Economy of Sex,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well.", "pages": [54, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "shift from neurotic symptoms (isolated within the character structure) to undifferentiated, prc-oedipal Notes to Pages 292-97 355 character disorders that take over the whole personality. The changes these writers see, from production to consumption and from character to personality, bear on the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"<em>Biography in Popular Magazines,</em>\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an", "quote_start_pos": 157146, "quote_exact": "Biography in Popular Maga- zines,", "quoted_text": "Biography in Popular Maga- zines,", "quote_start_page_pos": 396, "quote_prefix": "shift from neurotic symptoms (isolated within the character structure) to undifferentiated, prc-oedipal Notes to Pages 292-97 355 character disorders that take over the whole personality. The changes these writers see, from production to consumption and from character to personality, bear on the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(isolated within the character structure) to undifferentiated, prc-oedipal Notes to Pages 292-97 355 character disorders that take over the whole personality. The changes these writers see, from production to consumption and from character to personality, bear on the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\"<em> in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. </em>\"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature,", "quote_start_pos": 157407, "quote_exact": " in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. ", "quoted_text": "in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31.", "quote_start_page_pos": 430, "quote_prefix": "(isolated within the character structure) to undifferentiated, prc-oedipal Notes to Pages 292-97 355 character disorders that take over the whole personality. The changes these writers see, from production to consumption and from character to personality, bear on the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature,", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"<em>Liberal Society and the Indian Question,</em>\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,\" Journal of American History", "quote_start_pos": 157448, "quote_exact": "Liberal Society and the Indian Question,", "quoted_text": "Liberal Society and the Indian Question,", "quote_start_page_pos": 691, "quote_prefix": "the rise of surveillance and the spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,\" Journal of American History", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\"<em> first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, </em>\"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,\" Journal of American History 53 (June 1976): 42\u201465. Arthur Schlesinger's The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945) was realist, New Deal history; Marvin Meyers's The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960) was symbolist history; both ignored Indians. The study that currently defines the Age of Jackson, Robert Remini's twovolume biography, Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire (New York, 1977) and Andrew", "quote_start_pos": 157838, "quote_exact": " first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to men- tion westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defin- ing\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, ", "quoted_text": "first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to men- tion westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defin- ing\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano,", "quote_start_page_pos": 732, "quote_prefix": "spectacle in late twentieth-century demonology. These developments, discussed in chapters 1 and 8, will be returned to at the end of this discussion. Cf. Leo Lowenthal, \"Biography in Popular Magazines,\" in Paul Lazarsfeld and Frank N. Stanton, eds., Radio Research, 1942\u2014 43 (New York, 1944); Alexander Mitscherlich, Society Without the Father (London, 1969); Lasch, Haven and Narcissism; Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,\" Journal of American History 53 (June 1976): 42\u201465. Arthur Schlesinger's The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945) was realist, New Deal history; Marvin Meyers's The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960) was symbolist history; both ignored Indians. The study that currently defines the Age of Jackson, Robert Remini's twovolume biography, Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire (New York, 1977) and Andrew", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"<em>Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,</em>\" Journal of American History 53 (June 1976): 42\u201465. Arthur Schlesinger's The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945) was realist, New Deal history; Marvin Meyers's The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960) was symbolist history; both ignored Indians. The study that currently defines the Age of Jackson, Robert Remini's twovolume biography, Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire (New York, 1977) and Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom (New York, 1981), embraces and celebrates", "quote_start_pos": 157924, "quote_exact": "Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,", "quoted_text": "Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1122, "quote_prefix": "Warren Susman, Culture as History (New York, 1984), xix-xxx, 271-86. 31. \"Liberal Society and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Journal of American History 53 (June 1976): 42\u201465. Arthur Schlesinger's The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945) was realist, New Deal history; Marvin Meyers's The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960) was symbolist history; both ignored Indians. The study that currently defines the Age of Jackson, Robert Remini's twovolume biography, Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire (New York, 1977) and Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom (New York, 1981), embraces and celebrates", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,\"<em> Journal of American History 53 (June 1976): 42\u201465. Arthur Schlesinger's The Age of Jackson (Boston, 1945) was realist, New Deal history; Marvin Meyers's The Jacksonian Persuasion (New York, 1960) was symbolist history; both ignored Indians. The study that currently defines the Age of Jackson, Robert Remini's twovolume biography, Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire (New York, 1977) and Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom (New York, 1981), embraces and celebrates Jacksonian expansion. My own booklength account of this subject, written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, </em>\"On the Jewish Question\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says,", "quote_start_pos": 158878, "quote_exact": " Journal of American History 53 (June 1976): 42\u201465. Arthur Schlesinger's The Age of Jack- son (Boston, 1945) was realist, New Deal history; Marvin Meyers's The Jack- sonian Persuasion (New York, 1960) was symbolist history; both ignored In- dians. The study that currently defines the Age of Jackson, Robert Remini's two- volume biography, Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire (New York, 1977) and Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom (New York, 1981), embraces and celebrates Jacksonian expansion. My own book- length account of this subject, written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, ", "quoted_text": "Journal of American History 53 (June 1976): 42\u201465. Arthur Schlesinger's The Age of Jack- son (Boston, 1945) was realist, New Deal history; Marvin Meyers's The Jack- sonian Persuasion (New York, 1960) was symbolist history; both ignored In- dians. The study that currently defines the Age of Jackson, Robert Remini's two- volume biography, Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire (New York, 1977) and Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom (New York, 1981), embraces and celebrates Jacksonian expansion. My own book- length account of this subject, written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1208, "quote_prefix": "and the Indian Question,\" first published in 1971, sought to restore to American history-writing not only the familial language of Indian removal but the fact of Indian dispossession as well. As recently as a decade ago, an interpretive review of Jacksonian historiography failed to mention westward expansion and Indian removal as important\u2014much less defining\u2014events of that period. See Ronald P. Formisiano, \"Toward a Reorientation of Jacksonian Politics: A Review of the Literature, 1959\u20141975,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"On the Jewish Question\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says,", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Freedom (New York, 1981), embraces and celebrates Jacksonian expansion. My own booklength account of this subject, written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"<em>On the Jewish Question</em>\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature", "quote_start_pos": 158901, "quote_exact": "On the Jewish Question", "quoted_text": "On the Jewish Question", "quote_start_page_pos": 2162, "quote_prefix": "Freedom (New York, 1981), embraces and celebrates Jacksonian expansion. My own booklength account of this subject, written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "embraces and celebrates Jacksonian expansion. My own booklength account of this subject, written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question\"<em>; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, </em>\"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters", "quote_start_pos": 158996, "quote_exact": "; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, ", "quoted_text": "; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2185, "quote_prefix": "embraces and celebrates Jacksonian expansion. My own booklength account of this subject, written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"<em>The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,</em>\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the", "quote_start_pos": 159040, "quote_exact": "The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,", "quoted_text": "The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2280, "quote_prefix": "written as a biography of Jackson, is Fathers and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\"<em> Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Concept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, </em>\"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott,", "quote_start_pos": 159860, "quote_exact": " Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Con- cept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, ", "quoted_text": "Social Science Information 24 (1985): 215-17. Cf. Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, The Con- cept of Representation (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1967). 37. Anthony Giddens, The Nation-State and Violence (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1985), 193-94. 38. I take this point from ibid., 2\u20145, 179\u201497. State control of industrialized violence is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey,", "quote_start_page_pos": 2324, "quote_prefix": "and Children. 32. Pitkin, Fortune is a Woman, 281. 33. Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego, in James Strachey, ed., The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Freud, 24 vols. (London, 1953-66), 18:67-144. 34. Cf. Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism, in Standard Edition, 23:3\u2014 140; Michael Rogin, \"On the Jewish Question\"; Abel, Virginia Woolf. 35. R.D. Laing, The Divided Self (London, 1961). 36. Pierre Bourdieu, \"The Social Space and the Genesis of Groups,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott,", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"<em>Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,</em>\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family", "quote_start_pos": 159898, "quote_exact": "Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,", "quoted_text": "Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3144, "quote_prefix": "is, as Giddens says, the distinctive feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family", "pages": [55, 55]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\"<em> in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, </em>\"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago,", "quote_start_pos": 160032, "quote_exact": " in Karen Kay and Ger- ald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, ", "quoted_text": "in Karen Kay and Ger- ald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan,", "quote_start_page_pos": 3182, "quote_prefix": "feature of relations among other states and foreign subjects. 39. Cf. the discussions in chapters 1, 7, and 8, above, and the analysis of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago,", "pages": [55, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"<em>The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,</em>\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer", "quote_start_pos": 160129, "quote_exact": "The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,", "quoted_text": "The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,", "quote_start_page_pos": 47, "quote_prefix": "of the gaze in Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness, Hazel E. Barnes, trans. (New York, 1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\"<em> in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, </em>\"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome", "quote_start_pos": 160367, "quote_exact": " in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, ", "quoted_text": "in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott,", "quote_start_page_pos": 144, "quote_prefix": "1966), 340\u2014400, and Jacques Lacan, The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis, Jacques-Alain Miller, ed. (New York, 1977), 82-90. I am indebted to Ann Banfield for these references. For film the classic statement is Laura Mulvey, \"Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"<em>Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,</em>\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations", "quote_start_pos": 160428, "quote_exact": "Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood De- velopment,", "quoted_text": "Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood De- velopment,", "quote_start_page_pos": 382, "quote_prefix": "Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,\" in Karen Kay and Gerald Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\"<em> in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, </em>\"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride", "quote_start_pos": 160561, "quote_exact": " in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, ", "quoted_text": "in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 443, "quote_prefix": "Peary, eds., Women and the Cinema (New York, 1977), 412\u201428. 356 Notes to Pages 297-300 40. Jacques Lacan, \"The Mirror Stage as Formative of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"<em>The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,</em>\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna", "quote_start_pos": 160617, "quote_exact": "The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,", "quoted_text": "The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,", "quote_start_page_pos": 576, "quote_prefix": "of the Function of the I as Revealed in Psychoanalytic Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\"<em> Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and </em>\"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept", "quote_start_pos": 160654, "quote_exact": " Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and ", "quoted_text": "Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and", "quote_start_page_pos": 632, "quote_prefix": "Experience,\" in Ecrits (New York, 1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"<em>Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,</em>\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and", "quote_start_pos": 160719, "quote_exact": "Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,", "quoted_text": "Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,", "quote_start_page_pos": 669, "quote_prefix": "1977), 1\u20147; Otto Kernberg, Borderline Conditions and Pathological Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"", "quote_suffix": "\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\"<em> New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, </em>\"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes", "quote_start_pos": 160825, "quote_exact": " New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, ", "quoted_text": "New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye,", "quote_start_page_pos": 734, "quote_prefix": "Narcissism (New York, 1975); Lasch, Narcissism, 31-51. 41. Cf. Erik Erikson, Childhood and Society, 2d ed. (Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "(Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"<em>The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,</em>\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43.", "quote_start_pos": 160919, "quote_exact": "The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,", "quoted_text": "The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,", "quote_start_page_pos": 840, "quote_prefix": "(Middlesex, Eng., 1965); D. W. Winnicott, \"Mirror-Role of Mother and Family in Childhood Development,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43.", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "velopment,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\"<em> Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, </em>\"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "quote_start_pos": 161137, "quote_exact": " Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renais- sance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, ", "quoted_text": "Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renais- sance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin,", "quote_start_page_pos": 934, "quote_prefix": "velopment,\" in Playing and Reality (London, 1971); Abel, Virginia Woolf; Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition (Chicago, 1958); Jessica Benjamin, \"The End of Internalization: Adorno's Social Psychology,\" Telos 32 (Summer 1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"<em>Hobbes's Concept of Representation,</em>\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "quote_start_pos": 161173, "quote_exact": "Hobbes's Concept of Representation,", "quoted_text": "Hobbes's Concept of Representation,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1152, "quote_prefix": "1977): 42-64, and \"Authority and the Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\"<em> American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, </em>\"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "quote_start_pos": 161270, "quote_exact": " American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, ", "quoted_text": "American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1188, "quote_prefix": "Family Revisited; or, A World Without Fathers,\" New German Critique, no. 13 (Winter 1978): 39-57. 42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"<em>The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution</em>\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "quote_start_pos": 161357, "quote_exact": "The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution", "quoted_text": "The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution", "quote_start_page_pos": 1285, "quote_prefix": "42. I rely on the recent analysis by Christopher Pye, \"The Sovereign, the Theater, and the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\"<em> (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, </em>\"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "quote_start_pos": 161493, "quote_exact": " (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, ", "quoted_text": "(Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1372, "quote_prefix": "the Kingdome of Darknesse: Hobbes and the Spectacle of Power,\" Representations 8 (Fall 1984): 85-106. Cf. also Stephen J. Greenblatt, Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\"", "quote_suffix": "\"The Sovereign,\" 101\u20143.", "pages": [56, 56]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"<em>The Sovereign,</em>\" 101\u20143.", "quote_start_pos": 161508, "quote_exact": "The Sovereign,", "quoted_text": "The Sovereign,", "quote_start_page_pos": 1508, "quote_prefix": "Renaissance Self-Fashioning (Chicago, 1980); Norman Jacobson, Pride and Solace (Berkeley and Los Angeles, 1978), 51\u201492; Hanna Fcnichel Pitkin, \"Hobbes's Concept of Representation,\" American Political Science Review 68 (June and December 1964): 328-40, 902-18; George Shulman, \"The Lamb and the Dragon: Gerard Winstanley and Thomas Hobbes in the English Revolution\" (Ph.D. diss., University of California, Berkeley, 1982). 43. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan (New York, 1962), 125. 44. Ibid., 152. 45. Pye, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 101\u20143.", "pages": [56, 56]}], "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn7sz.18"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn809.3"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn828.5"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn8m0.11"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn8m0.26"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn8m0.9"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn8tw.9"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.100"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.117"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.17"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.220"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.33"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.38"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.39"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn90r.66"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn9f1.11"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn9f1.13"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn9f1.15"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn9pd.9"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn9sv.21"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pn9sv.24"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnb1p.6"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnb25.14"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnb25.16"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnb25.17"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnb25.20"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnb25.34"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnbts.18"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnbzq.5"}	
{"quotes": [{"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"<em>Anda y matame a tu hijo</em>\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are", "quote_start_pos": 143, "quote_exact": "Anda y matame a tu hijo", "quoted_text": "Anda y matame a tu hijo", "quote_start_page_pos": 63, "quote_prefix": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\"<em> Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? </em>\"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want", "quote_start_pos": 204, "quote_exact": " Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? ", "quoted_text": "Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso?", "quote_start_page_pos": 87, "quote_prefix": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"<em>Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes</em>\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard", "quote_start_pos": 303, "quote_exact": "Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes", "quoted_text": "Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes", "quote_start_page_pos": 148, "quote_prefix": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\"<em> Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: </em>\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away,", "quote_start_pos": 450, "quote_exact": " Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: ", "quoted_text": "Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo:", "quote_start_page_pos": 247, "quote_prefix": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away,", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"<em>Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile</em>\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII", "quote_start_pos": 495, "quote_exact": "Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile", "quoted_text": "Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile", "quote_start_page_pos": 394, "quote_prefix": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII", "pages": [5, 5]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"<em> 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: </em>\"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos", "quote_start_pos": 581, "quote_exact": " 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: ", "quoted_text": "48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me:", "quote_start_page_pos": 439, "quote_prefix": "CORDILLER7IS 44 CORDILLER7IS 45 ALLA LEJOS 46 FARAWAY 47 Ie II Se hacfa tarde ya cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos", "pages": [5, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"<em>Go and kill your son for me</em>\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me", "quote_start_pos": 609, "quote_exact": "Go and kill your son for me", "quoted_text": "Go and kill your son for me", "quote_start_page_pos": 82, "quote_prefix": "cuando tomandome un hombro me orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\"<em> </em>\"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me", "quote_start_pos": 611, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 110, "quote_prefix": "orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"<em>Come on,</em>\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes", "quote_start_pos": 620, "quote_exact": "Come on,", "quoted_text": "Come on,", "quote_start_page_pos": 112, "quote_prefix": "orden6: \"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\"<em> I replied smiling, </em>\"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te", "quote_start_pos": 641, "quote_exact": " I replied smiling, ", "quoted_text": "I replied smiling,", "quote_start_page_pos": 121, "quote_prefix": "\"Anda y matame a tu hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"<em>are you by any chance pulling my leg?</em>\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted", "quote_start_pos": 679, "quote_exact": "are you by any chance pulling my leg?", "quoted_text": "are you by any chance pulling my leg?", "quote_start_page_pos": 142, "quote_prefix": "hijo\" Vamos-Ie repuse sonriendo-~me estas tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\"<em> </em>\"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe", "quote_start_pos": 681, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 180, "quote_prefix": "tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"<em>Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards</em>\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu", "quote_start_pos": 789, "quote_exact": "Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards", "quoted_text": "Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards", "quote_start_page_pos": 182, "quote_prefix": "tomando el pelo acaso? \"Bueno, si no quieres hacerlo es asunto tuyo, pero recuerda quien soy, as! que despues no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\"<em> </em>\"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\"", "quote_start_pos": 791, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 290, "quote_prefix": "no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\"", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"<em>Okay,</em>\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por", "quote_start_pos": 797, "quote_exact": "Okay,", "quoted_text": "Okay,", "quote_start_page_pos": 292, "quote_prefix": "no te quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\"<em> I heard myself answer him, </em>\"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos", "quote_start_pos": 826, "quote_exact": " I heard myself answer him, ", "quoted_text": "I heard myself answer him,", "quote_start_page_pos": 298, "quote_prefix": "quejes\" Conforme-me escuche contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"<em>and where do you want me to commit that assassination?</em>\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6", "quote_start_pos": 881, "quote_exact": "and where do you want me to commit that assassination?", "quoted_text": "and where do you want me to commit that assassination?", "quote_start_page_pos": 327, "quote_prefix": "contestarle-~y d6nde quieres que cometa ese asesinato? Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\"<em> Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: </em>\"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde", "quote_start_pos": 945, "quote_exact": " Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: ", "quoted_text": "Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said:", "quote_start_page_pos": 382, "quote_prefix": "Entonces, como si fuera el aullido del viento quien hablase, El dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"<em>Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile</em>\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo", "quote_start_pos": 990, "quote_exact": "Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile", "quoted_text": "Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile", "quote_start_page_pos": 446, "quote_prefix": "dijo: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo", "pages": [6, 6]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\"<em> 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera </em>\"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl", "quote_start_pos": 1095, "quote_exact": " 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera ", "quoted_text": "49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera", "quote_start_page_pos": 491, "quote_prefix": "Chile\" 48 CI It was already getting late when he took me by the shoulder and commanded me: \"Go and kill your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl", "pages": [6, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"<em>Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas</em>\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help", "quote_start_pos": 1156, "quote_exact": "Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas", "quoted_text": "Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas", "quote_start_page_pos": 101, "quote_prefix": "your son for me\" \"Come on,\" I replied smiling, \"are you by any chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\"<em> Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. </em>\"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\"", "quote_start_pos": 1219, "quote_exact": " Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. ", "quoted_text": "Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus.", "quote_start_page_pos": 162, "quote_prefix": "chance pulling my leg?\" \"Well, if you don't want to do it that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\"", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"<em>Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre</em>\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that", "quote_start_pos": 1295, "quote_exact": "Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre", "quoted_text": "Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre", "quote_start_page_pos": 225, "quote_prefix": "that's your business, but remember who I am, and don't complain afterwards\" \"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\"<em> Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... </em>\"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or", "quote_start_pos": 1365, "quote_exact": " Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... ", "quoted_text": "Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ...", "quote_start_page_pos": 301, "quote_prefix": "\"Okay,\" I heard myself answer him, \"and where do you want me to commit that assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\"", "quote_suffix": "\"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"<em>De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida</em>\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted,", "quote_start_pos": 1429, "quote_exact": "De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida", "quoted_text": "De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida", "quote_start_page_pos": 371, "quote_prefix": "assassination?\" Then, as though it were the howling wind that spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted,", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\"<em> Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: </em>\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\"", "quote_start_pos": 1545, "quote_exact": " Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunte- Entonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: ", "quoted_text": "Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunte- Entonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6:", "quote_start_page_pos": 435, "quote_prefix": "spoke, He said: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 49 ICIII Con Ia eara ensangrentada llame a su puerta: Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\"", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"<em>Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile</em>\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then,", "quote_start_pos": 1590, "quote_exact": "Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile", "quoted_text": "Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile", "quote_start_page_pos": 551, "quote_prefix": "Podria ayudarme-Ie dije-tengo unos amigos afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then,", "pages": [7, 7]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"<em> 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: </em>\"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied:", "quote_start_pos": 1644, "quote_exact": " 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: ", "quoted_text": "50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door:", "quote_start_page_pos": 596, "quote_prefix": "afuera \"Marehate de aquf-me eontest6--antes de que te eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"", "quote_suffix": "\"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied:", "pages": [7, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"<em>You could help me,</em>\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote", "quote_start_pos": 1663, "quote_exact": "You could help me,", "quoted_text": "You could help me,", "quote_start_page_pos": 50, "quote_prefix": "eehe a patadas\" Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\"<em> I said, </em>\"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras", "quote_start_pos": 1673, "quote_exact": " I said, ", "quoted_text": "I said,", "quote_start_page_pos": 69, "quote_prefix": "Vamos-Ie observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"<em>I've got some friends outside</em>\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado", "quote_start_pos": 1703, "quote_exact": "I've got some friends outside", "quoted_text": "I've got some friends outside", "quote_start_page_pos": 79, "quote_prefix": "observe-usted sabe que tam bien reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\"<em> </em>\"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado", "quote_start_pos": 1705, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 109, "quote_prefix": "reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"<em>Get out of here,</em>\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto", "quote_start_pos": 1722, "quote_exact": "Get out of here,", "quoted_text": "Get out of here,", "quote_start_page_pos": 111, "quote_prefix": "reehazaron a Jesus. \"Tu no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\"<em> he answered, </em>\"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of", "quote_start_pos": 1737, "quote_exact": " he answered, ", "quoted_text": "he answered,", "quote_start_page_pos": 128, "quote_prefix": "no eres EI-me respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"<em>before I kick you out</em>\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me", "quote_start_pos": 1759, "quote_exact": "before I kick you out", "quoted_text": "before I kick you out", "quote_start_page_pos": 143, "quote_prefix": "respondi6--andate 0 te rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\"<em> </em>\"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me", "quote_start_pos": 1761, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 165, "quote_prefix": "rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"<em>Come on,</em>\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma", "quote_start_pos": 1770, "quote_exact": "Come on,", "quoted_text": "Come on,", "quote_start_page_pos": 167, "quote_prefix": "rompo Ia crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\"<em> I rejoined, </em>\"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer", "quote_start_pos": 1784, "quote_exact": " I rejoined, ", "quoted_text": "I rejoined,", "quote_start_page_pos": 176, "quote_prefix": "crisma. Yo no soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"<em>you know that they denied Jesus too. </em>\" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\"", "quote_start_pos": 1822, "quote_exact": "you know that they denied Jesus too. ", "quoted_text": "you know that they denied Jesus too.", "quote_start_page_pos": 190, "quote_prefix": "soy tu padre\" Por favor-Ie insistf-Ios tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\"", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \"<em> </em>\"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\"", "quote_start_pos": 1824, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 228, "quote_prefix": "tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \"", "quote_suffix": "\"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\"", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"<em>You are not He,</em>\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie", "quote_start_pos": 1840, "quote_exact": "You are not He,", "quoted_text": "You are not He,", "quote_start_page_pos": 230, "quote_prefix": "tipos que estan afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\"<em> he replied, </em>\"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame", "quote_start_pos": 1854, "quote_exact": " he replied, ", "quoted_text": "he replied,", "quote_start_page_pos": 246, "quote_prefix": "afuera son hijos suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"<em>get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father</em>\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ...", "quote_start_pos": 1909, "quote_exact": "get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father", "quoted_text": "get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father", "quote_start_page_pos": 260, "quote_prefix": "suyos ... \"De aeuerdo-contest6 suavizandose-llevalos a la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ...", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\"<em> </em>\"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ...", "quote_start_pos": 1911, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 315, "quote_prefix": "la tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ...", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"<em>Please,</em>\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida", "quote_start_pos": 1919, "quote_exact": "Please,", "quoted_text": "Please,", "quote_start_page_pos": 317, "quote_prefix": "tierra prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\"<em> I insisted, </em>\"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces", "quote_start_pos": 1933, "quote_exact": " I insisted, ", "quoted_text": "I insisted,", "quote_start_page_pos": 325, "quote_prefix": "prometida\" Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"<em>the guys outside are your children . . .</em>\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que", "quote_start_pos": 1974, "quote_exact": "the guys outside are your children . . .", "quoted_text": "the guys outside are your children . . .", "quote_start_page_pos": 339, "quote_prefix": "Bien: ~pero d6nde queda ese sitio?-pregunteEntonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Entonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\"<em> </em>\"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes", "quote_start_pos": 1976, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 380, "quote_prefix": "Entonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\"", "quote_suffix": "\"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Entonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"<em>So they are,</em>\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el", "quote_start_pos": 1989, "quote_exact": "So they are,", "quoted_text": "So they are,", "quote_start_page_pos": 382, "quote_prefix": "Entonees, eomo si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\"<em> he answered more gently, </em>\"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce", "quote_start_pos": 2016, "quote_exact": " he answered more gently, ", "quoted_text": "he answered more gently,", "quote_start_page_pos": 395, "quote_prefix": "si fuera una estrella la que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"<em>take them to the promised land</em>\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda", "quote_start_pos": 2047, "quote_exact": "take them to the promised land", "quoted_text": "take them to the promised land", "quote_start_page_pos": 422, "quote_prefix": "que 10 dijese, me respondi6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\"<em> </em>\"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda", "quote_start_pos": 2049, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 453, "quote_prefix": "\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"<em>Fine: but where is that place?</em>\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya", "quote_start_pos": 2080, "quote_exact": "Fine: but where is that place?", "quoted_text": "Fine: but where is that place?", "quote_start_page_pos": 455, "quote_prefix": "\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\"<em> I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: </em>\"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo", "quote_start_pos": 2145, "quote_exact": " I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: ", "quoted_text": "I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied:", "quote_start_page_pos": 486, "quote_prefix": "de Chile\" 50 CIl With my face bloodied I knocked on his door: \"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"<em>Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile</em>\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas.", "quote_start_pos": 2190, "quote_exact": "Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile", "quoted_text": "Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile", "quote_start_page_pos": 551, "quote_prefix": "\"You could help me,\" I said, \"I've got some friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas.", "pages": [8, 8]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\"<em> 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche </em>\"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y", "quote_start_pos": 2253, "quote_exact": " 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche ", "quoted_text": "51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche", "quote_start_page_pos": 596, "quote_prefix": "friends outside\" \"Get out of here,\" he answered, \"before I kick you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y", "pages": [8, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"<em>Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato</em>\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la", "quote_start_pos": 2325, "quote_exact": "Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato", "quoted_text": "Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato", "quote_start_page_pos": 59, "quote_prefix": "you out\" \"Come on,\" I rejoined, \"you know that they denied Jesus too. \" \"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"", "quote_suffix": "\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\"<em> No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... </em>\"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"", "quote_start_pos": 2412, "quote_exact": " No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... ", "quoted_text": "No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ...", "quote_start_page_pos": 131, "quote_prefix": "\"You are not He,\" he replied, \"get out or I'll bust your face in. I'm not your father\" \"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"<em>Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando</em>\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid", "quote_start_pos": 2534, "quote_exact": "Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6- no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando", "quoted_text": "Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6- no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando", "quote_start_page_pos": 218, "quote_prefix": "\"Please,\" I insisted, \"the guys outside are your children . . .\" \"So they are,\" he answered more gently, \"take them to the promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\"<em> Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. </em>\"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains", "quote_start_pos": 2660, "quote_exact": " Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. ", "quoted_text": "Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose.", "quote_start_page_pos": 340, "quote_prefix": "promised land\" \"Fine: but where is that place?\" I asked Then, as though it were a star that spoke, he replied: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"<em>Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad</em>\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted,", "quote_start_pos": 2722, "quote_exact": "Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad", "quoted_text": "Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad", "quote_start_page_pos": 466, "quote_prefix": "the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 51 /CIIII Despertado de pronto en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted,", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\"<em> Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: </em>\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a", "quote_start_pos": 2872, "quote_exact": " Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: ", "quoted_text": "Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6:", "quote_start_page_pos": 528, "quote_prefix": "en suenos 10 of tras la noche \"Oye Zurita-me dijo-toma a tu mujer y a tu hijo y te largas de inmediato\" No macanees-Ie repuse-dejame dormir en paz, sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"<em>Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile</em>\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat", "quote_start_pos": 2917, "quote_exact": "Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile", "quoted_text": "Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile", "quote_start_page_pos": 678, "quote_prefix": "sonaba con unas montanas que marchan ... \"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat", "pages": [9, 9]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"<em> 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night </em>\"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough", "quote_start_pos": 2990, "quote_exact": " 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night ", "quoted_text": "52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night", "quote_start_page_pos": 723, "quote_prefix": "\"Olvida esas estupideces y apurate-me urgi6no vas a creer que tienes todo el tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough", "pages": [9, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"<em>Hey Zurita,</em>\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll", "quote_start_pos": 3002, "quote_exact": "Hey Zurita,", "quoted_text": "Hey Zurita,", "quote_start_page_pos": 69, "quote_prefix": "tiempo del mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\"<em> he said, </em>\"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\"", "quote_start_pos": 3013, "quote_exact": " he said, ", "quoted_text": "he said,", "quote_start_page_pos": 81, "quote_prefix": "mundo. EI Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\"", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"<em>take your wife and kid and get out of here fast</em>\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and", "quote_start_pos": 3061, "quote_exact": "take your wife and kid and get out of here fast", "quoted_text": "take your wife and kid and get out of here fast", "quote_start_page_pos": 92, "quote_prefix": "Duce se esta acercando\" Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\"<em> </em>\"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and", "quote_start_pos": 3063, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 140, "quote_prefix": "Escuchame-conteste-recuerda que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"<em>Dan't hand me that line,</em>\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\"", "quote_start_pos": 3088, "quote_exact": "Dan't hand me that line,", "quoted_text": "Dan't hand me that line,", "quote_start_page_pos": 142, "quote_prefix": "que hace mucho ya que me tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\"", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\"<em> I replied, </em>\"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then,", "quote_start_pos": 3101, "quote_exact": " I replied, ", "quoted_text": "I replied,", "quote_start_page_pos": 167, "quote_prefix": "tienes a la sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then,", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"<em>let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .</em>\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away,", "quote_start_pos": 3174, "quote_exact": "let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .", "quoted_text": "let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .", "quote_start_page_pos": 180, "quote_prefix": "sombra, no intentaras repetirme el cuento. Yo no soy Jose. \"Sigue la carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away,", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\"<em> </em>\"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away,", "quote_start_pos": 3176, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 253, "quote_prefix": "carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away,", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"<em>Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,</em>\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53", "quote_start_pos": 3214, "quote_exact": "Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,", "quoted_text": "Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,", "quote_start_page_pos": 255, "quote_prefix": "carretera y no discutas. Muy pronto sabras la verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\"<em> he insisted, </em>\"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS", "quote_start_pos": 3229, "quote_exact": " he insisted, ", "quoted_text": "he insisted,", "quote_start_page_pos": 293, "quote_prefix": "verdad\" Esta bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"<em>don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching</em>\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron", "quote_start_pos": 3302, "quote_exact": "don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching", "quoted_text": "don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching", "quote_start_page_pos": 308, "quote_prefix": "bien-Ie replique casi llorando-(y d6nde podra ella alumbrar tranquila? Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\"<em> </em>\"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron", "quote_start_pos": 3304, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 381, "quote_prefix": "Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"<em>Listen,</em>\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a", "quote_start_pos": 3312, "quote_exact": "Listen,", "quoted_text": "Listen,", "quote_start_page_pos": 383, "quote_prefix": "Entonces, como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\"<em> I answered, </em>\"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas", "quote_start_pos": 3326, "quote_exact": " I answered, ", "quoted_text": "I answered,", "quote_start_page_pos": 391, "quote_prefix": "como si fuera la misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"<em>remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.</em>\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que", "quote_start_pos": 3452, "quote_exact": "remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.", "quoted_text": "remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.", "quote_start_page_pos": 405, "quote_prefix": "misma Cruz la que se iluminase, EI contest6: \"Lejos, en esas perdidas cordilleras de Chile\" 52 CIII A wakened suddenly from my dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\"<em> </em>\"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que", "quote_start_pos": 3454, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 531, "quote_prefix": "dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"<em>Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth</em>\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve", "quote_start_pos": 3518, "quote_exact": "Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth", "quoted_text": "Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth", "quote_start_page_pos": 533, "quote_prefix": "dreams I heard him behind the night \"Hey Zurita,\" he said, \"take your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\"<em> </em>\"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve", "quote_start_pos": 3520, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 597, "quote_prefix": "your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"<em>Fine,</em>\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara", "quote_start_pos": 3526, "quote_exact": "Fine,", "quoted_text": "Fine,", "quote_start_page_pos": 599, "quote_prefix": "your wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\"<em> I replied on the verge of tears, </em>\"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si", "quote_start_pos": 3561, "quote_exact": " I replied on the verge of tears, ", "quoted_text": "I replied on the verge of tears,", "quote_start_page_pos": 605, "quote_prefix": "wife and kid and get out of here fast\" \"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\"", "quote_suffix": "\"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "\"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"<em>and where will it kindle tranquilly?</em>\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los", "quote_start_pos": 3598, "quote_exact": "and where will it kindle tranquilly?", "quoted_text": "and where will it kindle tranquilly?", "quote_start_page_pos": 640, "quote_prefix": "\"Dan't hand me that line,\" I replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\"<em> Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: </em>\"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los mismos nevados desde las mismas piedras desde los mismos vados comenzaron", "quote_start_pos": 3666, "quote_exact": " Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: ", "quoted_text": "Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered:", "quote_start_page_pos": 677, "quote_prefix": "replied, \"let me sleep in peace-I was dreaming about some marching mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los mismos nevados desde las mismas piedras desde los mismos vados comenzaron", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"<em>Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile</em>\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los mismos nevados desde las mismas piedras desde los mismos vados comenzaron su marcha sin ley las impresionantes cordilleras", "quote_start_pos": 3711, "quote_exact": "Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile", "quoted_text": "Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile", "quote_start_page_pos": 745, "quote_prefix": "mountains . . .\" \"Forget that nonsense and hurry it up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los mismos nevados desde las mismas piedras desde los mismos vados comenzaron su marcha sin ley las impresionantes cordilleras", "pages": [10, 10]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\"<em> 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los mismos nevados desde las mismas piedras desde los mismos vados comenzaron su marcha sin ley las impresionantes cordilleras de Chile 56 THE MARCH OF THE CORDILLERAS t. And there the mountains began to move ii. Shivering and white ah yes white the freezing peaks of the Andes 111. Separating from one another like wounds opening little by little until not even the snow could heal them tv. And then standing high as if a thought had moved them from the same snowy ranges from the same stones from the very same voids Chile's imposing cordilleras began their lawless march 57 CORDILLERAS II Blanco es el espfritu de las nevadas Blanca es el alba tras los vientos Pero mucho, mucho mas blancas, son las demenciales montafias, acercandose 1. Blancas son las marejadas de los Andes alIa como oleadas que VInIeran 11. Desde los horizontes del viento y la nieve desbordandose hasta que ni el mar las parara 111. Y entonces como si jamas hubieran sido como SI Jamas se hubieran quedado como si los mismos cielos las llamaran todos pudieron ver al azul del oceano tras la cordillera tumultuoso amencano por estas praderas marchando 58 CORDILLERAS II White the spirit of the snowfalls White the dawn behind the winds But much, much whiter are the demented mountains, approaching 1. White the Andean seaswells yonder like the waves surgtng tn 11. From the horizons of wind and snow overflowing until not even the sea could stop them 111. And then as if they had never been as if they had never remained as if the skies themselves had summoned them all could see the ocean blue tumultuous American behind the cordillera marching through these meadows 59 CORDILLERAS III Ah si alguien llegara a saber por que vinieron las montaiias (cancion aymara) 1. Nadie fue a las montaiias mentira son las montaiias las que marchan H. Recortadas frente a Santiago como murallas blancas acercandose mmensas dolorosas heladas HI. Detras dela cordillera de los Andes empujandose unas contra otras igual que murallones que de puro miedo se cerraran: Tenemos miedo se dedan las montaiias de la locura detras de la cordillera acercandose 60 CORDILLERAS III Ah if one could only know why the mountains came (Aymara song) 1. No one went to the mountains a lie the mountains are the ones on the march 11. Standing out in front of Santiago like white walls approaching immense painful freezing iii. Behind the Andean cordillera pushing against one another like ramparts come together out of sheer fright: We are afraid said the mountains of madness behind the cordillera approaching 61 CORDILLERAS IV EI frio es el alba de las perdidas amanedan gritando estos paisajes I. Estamos enfermas gritaban las cordilleras congel<indose en sus alturas II. Estamos muy enfermas respondian las llanuras de la pradera central traspasadas de frio como contestandoles a elIas lll. Pero sabfan que es el frio el maldito de las cordilleras y que nada mas que por eso se hubo de yacer junto a los Andes hasta que la muerte nos helara con ellos desangrados en vida frente al alba s610 para que revivan los paisajes 62 CORDILLERAS IV Cold is the dawn of the lost awakened these landscapes shouting 1. We are ill cried out the cordilleras freezing in their heights 11. We are very ill replied the prairies of the central valley pierced by the cold as if in answer to them iii. But they knew that cold is the curse of the cordilleras and for that reason alone one had to lie next to the Andes until death froze us with them bloodless in life facing the dawn just so the landscapes might live again 63 CORDILLERAS V Blancas son tambien las voces de los que se fueron Si, blanco es el destino que se van tragando estas montafias (texto quiche) 1. De locura es el cielo de los nevados gemfan marchando esas voladas n. Imponentes albisimas sin dejar piedra ni pas to hasta que todo fuera su blancura lll. Pero no ni borrachos creyeron que la locura era igual que los Andes y la muerte un cordillerio blanco frente a Santiago y que entonces desde toda la patria partirfan extrafios como una nevada persiguiendoles la marcha 64 CORDILLERAS V White too are the voices of the departed Yes, white is the fate these mountains go on devouring (Quiche text) t. Deranged is the sky of the snowy summits groaned the demented mountains on the march It. Imposing blinding white sparing neither stone nor meadow until everything assumed their whiteness iii. But no not even drunkards believed that madness was like the Andes and death a white clustering of cordilleras facing Santiago and that aliens from the entire country would then go forth like a snowstorm obstructing their march 65 CORDILLERAS VI Cuando alguien muere, entonces se despiertan las cordilleras (a.c.) Pero los nevados igual se iban nosotros somos esos-reclamamos colocandonos en el horizonte I. Como los muertos esos nevados se van perdiendo en la lejania 11. Frente a elIos los Andes tambien se habian marchado pero sus aulIidos todavia se escuchan sobre la nieve 111. Hasta que ya nada quedase reclamandonos la huida como si nosotros fuesemos esas blancuras que se marchan empaladas aulIando cielo afuera IV. Pero alguien crey6 que si los Andes se marchaban todos nos iriamos alzando en el horizonte igual que blancuras que los mismos muertos copiaran: Somos los muertos que caminan les aullaban a Chile los nevados cediendonos su sitio 66 CORDILLERAS VI When someone dies, then the cordilleras awaken (a.c.) But the snowy summits left too </em>\"we are they\" we protested taking our place on the horizon 1. Like the dead those snowy summits are becoming lost in the distance 11. In front of them the Andes too had left but their howls can still be heard above the snow lll. Until nothing remained protesting the flight as if we were the fleeing white expanses impaled howling throughout the sky tv. But someone believed that if the Andes left we would all rise up on the horizon like white expanses which even the dead would imitate: We are the walking", "quote_start_pos": 9539, "quote_exact": " 53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los mismos nevados desde las mismas piedras desde los mismos vados comenzaron su marcha sin ley las impresionantes cordilleras de Chile 56 THE MARCH OF THE CORDILLERAS t. And there the mountains began to move ii. Shivering and white ah yes white the freezing peaks of the Andes 111. Separating from one another like wounds opening little by little until not even the snow could heal them tv. And then standing high as if a thought had moved them from the same snowy ranges from the same stones from the very same voids Chile's imposing cordilleras began their lawless march 57 CORDILLERAS II Blanco es el espfritu de las nevadas Blanca es el alba tras los vientos Pero mucho, mucho mas blancas, son las demenciales montafias, acercandose 1. Blancas son las marejadas de los Andes alIa como oleadas que VInIeran 11. Desde los horizontes del viento y la nieve desbordandose hasta que ni el mar las parara 111. Y entonces como si jamas hubieran sido como SI Jamas se hubieran quedado como si los mismos cielos las llamaran todos pudieron ver al azul del oceano tras la cordillera tumultuoso amencano por estas praderas marchando 58 CORDILLERAS II White the spirit of the snowfalls White the dawn behind the winds But much, much whiter are the demented mountains, approaching 1. White the Andean seaswells yonder like the waves surgtng tn 11. From the horizons of wind and snow overflowing until not even the sea could stop them 111. And then as if they had never been as if they had never remained as if the skies themselves had summoned them all could see the ocean blue tumultuous American behind the cordillera marching through these meadows 59 CORDILLERAS III Ah si alguien llegara a saber por que vinieron las montaiias (cancion aymara) 1. Nadie fue a las montaiias mentira son las montaiias las que marchan H. Recortadas frente a Santiago como murallas blancas acercandose mmensas dolorosas heladas HI. Detras dela cordillera de los Andes empujandose unas contra otras igual que murallones que de puro miedo se cerraran: Tenemos miedo se dedan las montaiias de la locura detras de la cordillera acercandose 60 CORDILLERAS III Ah if one could only know why the mountains came (Aymara song) 1. No one went to the mountains a lie the mountains are the ones on the march 11. Standing out in front of Santiago like white walls approaching immense painful freezing iii. Behind the Andean cordillera pushing against one another like ramparts come together out of sheer fright: We are afraid said the mountains of madness behind the cordillera approaching 61 CORDILLERAS IV EI frio es el alba de las perdidas amanedan gritando estos paisajes I. Estamos enfermas gritaban las cordilleras congel<indose en sus alturas II. Estamos muy enfermas respondian las llanuras de la pradera central traspasadas de frio como contestandoles a elIas lll. Pero sabfan que es el frio el maldito de las cordilleras y que nada mas que por eso se hubo de yacer junto a los Andes hasta que la muerte nos helara con ellos desangrados en vida frente al alba s610 para que revivan los paisajes 62 CORDILLERAS IV Cold is the dawn of the lost awakened these landscapes shouting 1. We are ill cried out the cordilleras freezing in their heights 11. We are very ill replied the prairies of the central valley pierced by the cold as if in answer to them iii. But they knew that cold is the curse of the cordilleras and for that reason alone one had to lie next to the Andes until death froze us with them bloodless in life facing the dawn just so the landscapes might live again 63 CORDILLERAS V Blancas son tambien las voces de los que se fueron Si, blanco es el destino que se van tragando estas montafias (texto quiche) 1. De locura es el cielo de los nevados gemfan marchando esas voladas n. Imponentes albisimas sin dejar piedra ni pas to hasta que todo fuera su blancura lll. Pero no ni borrachos creyeron que la locura era igual que los Andes y la muerte un cordillerio blanco frente a Santiago y que entonces desde toda la patria partirfan extrafios como una nevada persiguiendoles la marcha 64 CORDILLERAS V White too are the voices of the departed Yes, white is the fate these mountains go on devouring (Quiche text) t. Deranged is the sky of the snowy summits groaned the demented mountains on the march It. Imposing blinding white sparing neither stone nor meadow until everything assumed their whiteness iii. But no not even drunkards believed that madness was like the Andes and death a white clustering of cordilleras facing Santiago and that aliens from the entire country would then go forth like a snowstorm obstructing their march 65 CORDILLERAS VI Cuando alguien muere, entonces se despiertan las cordilleras (a.c.) Pero los nevados igual se iban nosotros somos esos-reclamamos colocandonos en el horizonte I. Como los muertos esos nevados se van perdiendo en la lejania 11. Frente a elIos los Andes tambien se habian marchado pero sus aulIidos todavia se escuchan sobre la nieve 111. Hasta que ya nada quedase reclamandonos la huida como si nosotros fuesemos esas blancuras que se marchan empaladas aulIando cielo afuera IV. Pero alguien crey6 que si los Andes se marchaban todos nos iriamos alzando en el horizonte igual que blancuras que los mismos muertos copiaran: Somos los muertos que caminan les aullaban a Chile los nevados cediendonos su sitio 66 CORDILLERAS VI When someone dies, then the cordilleras awaken (a.c.) But the snowy summits left too ", "quoted_text": "53 CUMBRES DE LOS ANDES 54 PEAKS OF THE ANDES 55 LA MARCHA DE LAS CORDILLERAS 1. Y allf comenzaron a moverse las montaflas ii. Estremecidas y blancas ah sf blancas son las heladas cumbres de los Andes lll. Desligandose unas de otras igual que heridas que se fueran abriendo poco a poco hasta que ni la nieve las curara IV. Yentonces erguidas como si un pensamiento las mOVlese desde los mismos nevados desde las mismas piedras desde los mismos vados comenzaron su marcha sin ley las impresionantes cordilleras de Chile 56 THE MARCH OF THE CORDILLERAS t. And there the mountains began to move ii. Shivering and white ah yes white the freezing peaks of the Andes 111. Separating from one another like wounds opening little by little until not even the snow could heal them tv. And then standing high as if a thought had moved them from the same snowy ranges from the same stones from the very same voids Chile's imposing cordilleras began their lawless march 57 CORDILLERAS II Blanco es el espfritu de las nevadas Blanca es el alba tras los vientos Pero mucho, mucho mas blancas, son las demenciales montafias, acercandose 1. Blancas son las marejadas de los Andes alIa como oleadas que VInIeran 11. Desde los horizontes del viento y la nieve desbordandose hasta que ni el mar las parara 111. Y entonces como si jamas hubieran sido como SI Jamas se hubieran quedado como si los mismos cielos las llamaran todos pudieron ver al azul del oceano tras la cordillera tumultuoso amencano por estas praderas marchando 58 CORDILLERAS II White the spirit of the snowfalls White the dawn behind the winds But much, much whiter are the demented mountains, approaching 1. White the Andean seaswells yonder like the waves surgtng tn 11. From the horizons of wind and snow overflowing until not even the sea could stop them 111. And then as if they had never been as if they had never remained as if the skies themselves had summoned them all could see the ocean blue tumultuous American behind the cordillera marching through these meadows 59 CORDILLERAS III Ah si alguien llegara a saber por que vinieron las montaiias (cancion aymara) 1. Nadie fue a las montaiias mentira son las montaiias las que marchan H. Recortadas frente a Santiago como murallas blancas acercandose mmensas dolorosas heladas HI. Detras dela cordillera de los Andes empujandose unas contra otras igual que murallones que de puro miedo se cerraran: Tenemos miedo se dedan las montaiias de la locura detras de la cordillera acercandose 60 CORDILLERAS III Ah if one could only know why the mountains came (Aymara song) 1. No one went to the mountains a lie the mountains are the ones on the march 11. Standing out in front of Santiago like white walls approaching immense painful freezing iii. Behind the Andean cordillera pushing against one another like ramparts come together out of sheer fright: We are afraid said the mountains of madness behind the cordillera approaching 61 CORDILLERAS IV EI frio es el alba de las perdidas amanedan gritando estos paisajes I. Estamos enfermas gritaban las cordilleras congel<indose en sus alturas II. Estamos muy enfermas respondian las llanuras de la pradera central traspasadas de frio como contestandoles a elIas lll. Pero sabfan que es el frio el maldito de las cordilleras y que nada mas que por eso se hubo de yacer junto a los Andes hasta que la muerte nos helara con ellos desangrados en vida frente al alba s610 para que revivan los paisajes 62 CORDILLERAS IV Cold is the dawn of the lost awakened these landscapes shouting 1. We are ill cried out the cordilleras freezing in their heights 11. We are very ill replied the prairies of the central valley pierced by the cold as if in answer to them iii. But they knew that cold is the curse of the cordilleras and for that reason alone one had to lie next to the Andes until death froze us with them bloodless in life facing the dawn just so the landscapes might live again 63 CORDILLERAS V Blancas son tambien las voces de los que se fueron Si, blanco es el destino que se van tragando estas montafias (texto quiche) 1. De locura es el cielo de los nevados gemfan marchando esas voladas n. Imponentes albisimas sin dejar piedra ni pas to hasta que todo fuera su blancura lll. Pero no ni borrachos creyeron que la locura era igual que los Andes y la muerte un cordillerio blanco frente a Santiago y que entonces desde toda la patria partirfan extrafios como una nevada persiguiendoles la marcha 64 CORDILLERAS V White too are the voices of the departed Yes, white is the fate these mountains go on devouring (Quiche text) t. Deranged is the sky of the snowy summits groaned the demented mountains on the march It. Imposing blinding white sparing neither stone nor meadow until everything assumed their whiteness iii. But no not even drunkards believed that madness was like the Andes and death a white clustering of cordilleras facing Santiago and that aliens from the entire country would then go forth like a snowstorm obstructing their march 65 CORDILLERAS VI Cuando alguien muere, entonces se despiertan las cordilleras (a.c.) Pero los nevados igual se iban nosotros somos esos-reclamamos colocandonos en el horizonte I. Como los muertos esos nevados se van perdiendo en la lejania 11. Frente a elIos los Andes tambien se habian marchado pero sus aulIidos todavia se escuchan sobre la nieve 111. Hasta que ya nada quedase reclamandonos la huida como si nosotros fuesemos esas blancuras que se marchan empaladas aulIando cielo afuera IV. Pero alguien crey6 que si los Andes se marchaban todos nos iriamos alzando en el horizonte igual que blancuras que los mismos muertos copiaran: Somos los muertos que caminan les aullaban a Chile los nevados cediendonos su sitio 66 CORDILLERAS VI When someone dies, then the cordilleras awaken (a.c.) But the snowy summits left too", "quote_start_page_pos": 790, "quote_prefix": "up,\" he insisted, \"don't think you've got all the time in the world. The Duce's approaching\" \"Listen,\" I answered, \"remember that you've kept me in the dark for a long time, you're not going to try to repeat that story on me. I'm not Joseph.\" \"Hit the road and don't argue. Soon enough you'll know the truth\" \"Fine,\" I replied on the verge of tears, \"and where will it kindle tranquilly?\" Then, as though it were the Cross itself that shone, He answered: \"Far away, in the remote cordilleras of Chile\"", "quote_suffix": "\"we are they\" we protested taking our place on the horizon 1. Like the dead those snowy summits are becoming lost in the distance 11. In front of them the Andes too had left but their howls can still be heard above the snow lll. Until nothing remained protesting the flight as if we were the fleeing white expanses impaled howling throughout the sky tv. But someone believed that if the Andes left we would all rise up on the horizon like white expanses which even the dead would imitate: We are the walking", "pages": [10, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "escuchan sobre la nieve 111. Hasta que ya nada quedase reclamandonos la huida como si nosotros fuesemos esas blancuras que se marchan empaladas aulIando cielo afuera IV. Pero alguien crey6 que si los Andes se marchaban todos nos iriamos alzando en el horizonte igual que blancuras que los mismos muertos copiaran: Somos los muertos que caminan les aullaban a Chile los nevados cediendonos su sitio 66 CORDILLERAS VI When someone dies, then the cordilleras awaken (a.c.) But the snowy summits left too \"<em>we are they</em>\" we protested taking our place on the horizon 1. Like the dead those snowy summits are becoming lost in the distance 11. In front of them the Andes too had left but their howls can still be heard above the snow lll. Until nothing remained protesting the flight as if we were the fleeing white expanses impaled howling throughout the sky tv. But someone believed that if the Andes left we would all rise up on the horizon like white expanses which even the dead would imitate: We are the walking dead", "quote_start_pos": 9551, "quote_exact": "we are they", "quoted_text": "we are they", "quote_start_page_pos": 101, "quote_prefix": "escuchan sobre la nieve 111. Hasta que ya nada quedase reclamandonos la huida como si nosotros fuesemos esas blancuras que se marchan empaladas aulIando cielo afuera IV. Pero alguien crey6 que si los Andes se marchaban todos nos iriamos alzando en el horizonte igual que blancuras que los mismos muertos copiaran: Somos los muertos que caminan les aullaban a Chile los nevados cediendonos su sitio 66 CORDILLERAS VI When someone dies, then the cordilleras awaken (a.c.) But the snowy summits left too \"", "quote_suffix": "\" we protested taking our place on the horizon 1. Like the dead those snowy summits are becoming lost in the distance 11. In front of them the Andes too had left but their howls can still be heard above the snow lll. Until nothing remained protesting the flight as if we were the fleeing white expanses impaled howling throughout the sky tv. But someone believed that if the Andes left we would all rise up on the horizon like white expanses which even the dead would imitate: We are the walking dead", "pages": [24, 24]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "la nieve 111. Hasta que ya nada quedase reclamandonos la huida como si nosotros fuesemos esas blancuras que se marchan empaladas aulIando cielo afuera IV. Pero alguien crey6 que si los Andes se marchaban todos nos iriamos alzando en el horizonte igual que blancuras que los mismos muertos copiaran: Somos los muertos que caminan les aullaban a Chile los nevados cediendonos su sitio 66 CORDILLERAS VI When someone dies, then the cordilleras awaken (a.c.) But the snowy summits left too \"we are they\"<em> we protested taking our place on the horizon 1. Like the dead those snowy summits are becoming lost in the distance 11. In front of them the Andes too had left but their howls can still be heard above the snow lll. Until nothing remained protesting the flight as if we were the fleeing white expanses impaled howling throughout the sky tv. But someone believed that if the Andes left we would all rise up on the horizon like white expanses which even the dead would imitate: We are the walking dead howled the snowy summits to Chile surrendering their place to us 67 ALLA ESTUVIERON LOS NEV ADOS Chao idiota Zurita-alcanz6 a gritarmeen el otro mundo nos veremos (g.m.) Tambien ellos se marchaban: Somos las montaiias que caminan decfan devolviendose por esas nevadas 1. Empinados en su blancura caminando con la nieve los paisajes muertos de Chile II. Las cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS </em>\"Ciao idiot Zurita\" he mananged to shout to me \"I'll see you in the other world\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living", "quote_start_pos": 10870, "quote_exact": " we protested taking our place on the horizon 1. Like the dead those snowy summits are becoming lost in the distance 11. In front of them the Andes too had left but their howls can still be heard above the snow lll. Until nothing remained protesting the flight as if we were the fleeing white expanses impaled howling throughout the sky tv. But someone believed that if the Andes left we would all rise up on the horizon like white expanses which even the dead would imitate: We are the walking dead howled the snowy summits to Chile surrendering their place to us 67 ALLA ESTUVIERON LOS NEV ADOS Chao idiota Zurita-alcanz6 a gritarme- en el otro mundo nos veremos (g.m.) Tambien ellos se marchaban: Somos las montaiias que caminan decfan devolviendose por esas nevadas 1. Empinados en su blancura caminando con la nieve los paisajes muertos de Chile II. Las cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS ", "quoted_text": "we protested taking our place on the horizon 1. Like the dead those snowy summits are becoming lost in the distance 11. In front of them the Andes too had left but their howls can still be heard above the snow lll. Until nothing remained protesting the flight as if we were the fleeing white expanses impaled howling throughout the sky tv. But someone believed that if the Andes left we would all rise up on the horizon like white expanses which even the dead would imitate: We are the walking dead howled the snowy summits to Chile surrendering their place to us 67 ALLA ESTUVIERON LOS NEV ADOS Chao idiota Zurita-alcanz6 a gritarme- en el otro mundo nos veremos (g.m.) Tambien ellos se marchaban: Somos las montaiias que caminan decfan devolviendose por esas nevadas 1. Empinados en su blancura caminando con la nieve los paisajes muertos de Chile II. Las cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS", "quote_start_page_pos": 113, "quote_prefix": "la nieve 111. Hasta que ya nada quedase reclamandonos la huida como si nosotros fuesemos esas blancuras que se marchan empaladas aulIando cielo afuera IV. Pero alguien crey6 que si los Andes se marchaban todos nos iriamos alzando en el horizonte igual que blancuras que los mismos muertos copiaran: Somos los muertos que caminan les aullaban a Chile los nevados cediendonos su sitio 66 CORDILLERAS VI When someone dies, then the cordilleras awaken (a.c.) But the snowy summits left too \"we are they\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Ciao idiot Zurita\" he mananged to shout to me \"I'll see you in the other world\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living", "pages": [24, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "nieve los paisajes muertos de Chile II. Las cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"<em>Ciao idiot Zurita</em>\" he mananged to shout to me \"I'll see you in the other world\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes", "quote_start_pos": 10888, "quote_exact": "Ciao idiot Zurita", "quoted_text": "Ciao idiot Zurita", "quote_start_page_pos": 30, "quote_prefix": "nieve los paisajes muertos de Chile II. Las cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he mananged to shout to me \"I'll see you in the other world\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "muertos de Chile II. Las cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"Ciao idiot Zurita\"<em> he mananged to shout to me </em>\"I'll see you in the other world\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes of Chile fleeing to the", "quote_start_pos": 10917, "quote_exact": " he mananged to shout to me ", "quoted_text": "he mananged to shout to me", "quote_start_page_pos": 48, "quote_prefix": "muertos de Chile II. Las cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"Ciao idiot Zurita\"", "quote_suffix": "\"I'll see you in the other world\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes of Chile fleeing to the", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"Ciao idiot Zurita\" he mananged to shout to me \"<em>I'll see you in the other world</em>\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes of Chile fleeing to the white expanses where we the flocks", "quote_start_pos": 10949, "quote_exact": "I'll see you in the other world", "quoted_text": "I'll see you in the other world", "quote_start_page_pos": 77, "quote_prefix": "cordilleras de Chile gimiendo monte adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"Ciao idiot Zurita\" he mananged to shout to me \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes of Chile fleeing to the white expanses where we the flocks", "pages": [26, 26]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"Ciao idiot Zurita\" he mananged to shout to me \"I'll see you in the other world\"<em> (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes of Chile fleeing to the white expanses where we the flocks of the cordilleras towered high frozen and white in the sleet returning from those long lost marches 69 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Frente a la cordillera de los Andes desde el oeste como la noche Las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. No son blancas las cordilleras del Duce 11. La nieve no alcanza a cubrir esas montanas del oeste Detenidas frente a la cordillera de los Andes aguardando como un cordon negro que esperara la subida final de todas elIas alIa en el oeste solas agrupandose tras la noche 111. Porque frente a los Andes se iban agrupando como la noche del oeste IV. Por eso la nieve no cubre las cordilleras del Duce Sus cumbres son la noche de las montanas Cinendose de negro frente a las nieves de Chile como si los nevados no fueran otra cosa que espinas hiriendo la noche y elIas pusieran entonces la corona sangrante de los Andes v. Por eso de sangre fue la nieve que corona las cumbres andinas VI. Porque solo la muerte fue la corona que cino de sangre el horizonte Vll. Y entonces ya coronados todos vieron las cordilleras del Duce cenirse sobre Chile sangrantes despejadas como una bandera negra envolviendonos desde el poniente 70 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS Facing the Andean cordillera from the west like night The Duce's cordilleras advance I. The Duce's cordilleras are not white 11. The snow cannot cover those mountains to the west Halted in front of the Andean cordillera awaiting their final ascent like a black cordon there to the west alone forming up behind the night 111. Because they were forming up in front of the Andes like night to the west IV. That's why the snow does not cover the Duce's cordilleras His peaks are the mountains' night Girding themselves with black in front of Chile's snows as if the snow-covered peaks were nothing but thorns wounding the night and then they donned the Andes' bloody crown v. That's why blood was the snow that crowned the Andean peaks VI. Because death alone was the crown that encircled the horizon with blood V11. And then now crowned all saw the Duce's cordilleras bloody unconstrained like a black flag enveloping us from the west 71 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Desde el poniente de esta patria donde sOlo el cielo se levanta las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. No se alzan en el este las cordilleras del Duce ll. Como la noche nadie es la nieve en esas montaiias Nadie es la nieve sobre las cordilleras del Duce sino s610 el cielo ribeteando el perfil de las cumbres alIa en el poniente donde s610 el aire se levanta imponiendonos sus montaiias Ill. Por eso s610 el cielo parece desplazar las cordilleras del poniente IV. Por eso nadie es la nieve cubriendo la avanzada de esas montaiias opacas solidificandose en el aire A vanzando desde el oeste como si elIas mismas fueran el cielo que desplazaban y el cielo esos montones s6lidos del poniente oscuros trazando en el horizonte el rostro de esas cumbres V. Pero nadie es el rostro de las cordilleras del oeste VI. Por eso los cielos se desplazaban cediendoles un rostro a esas montaiias Vll. Y entonces dibujados todos pudieron ver las cordilleras del Duce ocupar el cielo que moria oscurecidas eternas como un rostro de muerte levantandose sobre las nieves 72 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS From the west of this country where only the sky rises The Duce's cordilleras advance I. The Duce's cordilleras do not rise in the east 11. Like night no one is the snow in those mountains No one is the snow on the Duce's cordilleras but just the sky trimming the profile of the peaks there to the west where only the air rises imposing those mountains on us 111. That's why only the sky seems to displace the western cordilleras IV. That's why no one is the snow blanketing the advance of those mountains opaque becoming hard in the air Advancing from the west as if they themselves were the sky they displaced and the sky those solid masses dark to the west sketching on the horizon the face of those peaks v. But no one is the face of the western cordilleras VI. That's why the skies displaced themselves surrendering a face to those mountains VII. And then sketched all could see the Duce's cordilleras dark eternal occupying the moribund sky like a death's-head rising above the snows 73 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Detras de las costas del Pacifico negras absolutas Las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. Nada es los Andes para las cordilleras del Duce 11. Mas altas pero el viento no amontona nieve sobre ellas Abruptas detras de las costas del Pacffico igual que olas que irrumpieran imponiendo la estatura final de sus montaflas avidas borrascosas encrespando los horizontes del oeste Ill. Porque la muerte era la nieve que encrespaba los horizontes del oeste IV. Por eso los muertos subfan el nivel de las aguas amontonados como si se esponjaran sobre ellos v. Solo por eso se levantan desde el otro lado frente a los Andes subidas empalando el horizonte Elevandose de su estatura hechas montaflas de lagrimas que encresparan las mejillas de los muertos y todos esos muertos nos impusieran entonces la subida final de estas aguas VI. Por eso sus mejillas son la nieve para las cordilleras del Duce VII. Igual que nosotros amontonados bajo elias deshechos subiendo la estatura final de las montaflas Vlll. Y entonces unos sobre otros todos alcanzamos aver las cordilleras del Duce desprenderse de entre los muertos enormes absolutas dominando el horizonte 74 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS Behind the Pacific coasts black absolute The Duce's cordilleras advance t. Nothing is the Andes for the Duce's cordilleras u. Higher but the wind does not drift snow upon them Abrupt behind the Pacific coasts like bursting waves imposing the ultimate height of those mountains insatiable turbulent churning the horizons to the west ttt. Because death was the snow that churned the horizons to the west tv. That's why the dead stacked high raised the level of the waters that absorbed them like a sponge v. For that reason alone they arise from the other side facing the Andes swollen impaling the horizon Welling up until they turned to mountains of tears that churned the cheeks of the dead and all those dead then imposed the final ascent of these waters on us Vt. That's why their cheeks are snow for the Duce's cordilleras vu. The same as us undone stacked up beneath them raising the ultimate height of the mountains vttt. And then one on top of another we all managed to see the Duce's enormous cordilleras absolute dominating the horizon break away from the dead 75 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO Taponeandose con los dedos las heridas vio 24 veces la cara de Santa Teresa sobre las 24 cumbres de los Andes Bendfceme mujer-alcanz6 a decirle-que ya por mf se estan abriendo los blancos hoyos del cielo 1. Mirad asf las huecas cordilleras los Andes son hoyos del horizonte II. Mas alia de los rojos cielos de la pradera mas alia sf mas alia de las horribles nieves 111. Donde se detienen las montaiias y se hace mas blanco el horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes </em>\"Bless me woman\" he managed to tell her \"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they", "quote_start_pos": 18834, "quote_exact": " (g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes of Chile fleeing to the white expanses where we the flocks of the cordilleras towered high frozen and white in the sleet returning from those long lost marches 69 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Frente a la cordillera de los Andes desde el oeste como la noche Las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. No son blancas las cordilleras del Duce 11. La nieve no alcanza a cubrir esas montanas del oeste Detenidas frente a la cordillera de los Andes aguardando como un cordon negro que esperara la subida final de todas elIas alIa en el oeste solas agrupandose tras la noche 111. Porque frente a los Andes se iban agrupando como la noche del oeste IV. Por eso la nieve no cubre las cordilleras del Duce Sus cumbres son la noche de las montanas Cinendose de negro frente a las nieves de Chile como si los nevados no fueran otra cosa que espinas hiriendo la noche y elIas pusieran entonces la corona sangrante de los Andes v. Por eso de sangre fue la nieve que corona las cumbres andinas VI. Porque solo la muerte fue la corona que cino de sangre el horizonte Vll. Y entonces ya coronados todos vieron las cordilleras del Duce cenirse sobre Chile sangrantes despejadas como una bandera negra envolviendonos desde el poniente 70 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS Facing the Andean cordillera from the west like night The Duce's cordilleras advance I. The Duce's cordilleras are not white 11. The snow cannot cover those mountains to the west Halted in front of the Andean cordillera awaiting their final ascent like a black cordon there to the west alone forming up behind the night 111. Because they were forming up in front of the Andes like night to the west IV. That's why the snow does not cover the Duce's cordilleras His peaks are the mountains' night Girding themselves with black in front of Chile's snows as if the snow-covered peaks were nothing but thorns wounding the night and then they donned the Andes' bloody crown v. That's why blood was the snow that crowned the Andean peaks VI. Because death alone was the crown that encircled the horizon with blood V11. And then now crowned all saw the Duce's cordilleras bloody unconstrained like a black flag enveloping us from the west 71 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Desde el poniente de esta patria donde sOlo el cielo se levanta las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. No se alzan en el este las cordilleras del Duce ll. Como la noche nadie es la nieve en esas montaiias Nadie es la nieve sobre las cordilleras del Duce sino s610 el cielo ribeteando el perfil de las cumbres alIa en el poniente donde s610 el aire se levanta imponiendonos sus montaiias Ill. Por eso s610 el cielo parece desplazar las cordilleras del poniente IV. Por eso nadie es la nieve cubriendo la avanzada de esas montaiias opacas solidificandose en el aire A vanzando desde el oeste como si elIas mismas fueran el cielo que desplazaban y el cielo esos montones s6lidos del poniente oscuros trazando en el horizonte el rostro de esas cumbres V. Pero nadie es el rostro de las cordilleras del oeste VI. Por eso los cielos se desplazaban cediendoles un rostro a esas montaiias Vll. Y entonces dibujados todos pudieron ver las cordilleras del Duce ocupar el cielo que moria oscurecidas eternas como un rostro de muerte levantandose sobre las nieves 72 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS From the west of this country where only the sky rises The Duce's cordilleras advance I. The Duce's cordilleras do not rise in the east 11. Like night no one is the snow in those mountains No one is the snow on the Duce's cordilleras but just the sky trimming the profile of the peaks there to the west where only the air rises imposing those mountains on us 111. That's why only the sky seems to displace the western cordilleras IV. That's why no one is the snow blanketing the advance of those mountains opaque becoming hard in the air Advancing from the west as if they themselves were the sky they displaced and the sky those solid masses dark to the west sketching on the horizon the face of those peaks v. But no one is the face of the western cordilleras VI. That's why the skies displaced themselves surrendering a face to those mountains VII. And then sketched all could see the Duce's cordilleras dark eternal occupying the moribund sky like a death's-head rising above the snows 73 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Detras de las costas del Pacifico negras absolutas Las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. Nada es los Andes para las cordilleras del Duce 11. Mas altas pero el viento no amontona nieve sobre ellas Abruptas detras de las costas del Pacffico igual que olas que irrumpieran imponiendo la estatura final de sus montaflas avidas borrascosas encrespando los horizontes del oeste Ill. Porque la muerte era la nieve que encrespaba los horizontes del oeste IV. Por eso los muertos subfan el nivel de las aguas amontonados como si se esponjaran sobre ellos v. Solo por eso se levantan desde el otro lado frente a los Andes subidas empalando el horizonte Elevandose de su estatura hechas montaflas de lagrimas que encresparan las mejillas de los muertos y todos esos muertos nos impusieran entonces la subida final de estas aguas VI. Por eso sus mejillas son la nieve para las cordilleras del Duce VII. Igual que nosotros amontonados bajo elias deshechos subiendo la estatura final de las montaflas Vlll. Y entonces unos sobre otros todos alcanzamos aver las cordilleras del Duce desprenderse de entre los muertos enormes absolutas dominando el horizonte 74 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS Behind the Pacific coasts black absolute The Duce's cordilleras advance t. Nothing is the Andes for the Duce's cordilleras u. Higher but the wind does not drift snow upon them Abrupt behind the Pacific coasts like bursting waves imposing the ultimate height of those mountains insatiable turbulent churning the horizons to the west ttt. Because death was the snow that churned the horizons to the west tv. That's why the dead stacked high raised the level of the waters that absorbed them like a sponge v. For that reason alone they arise from the other side facing the Andes swollen impaling the horizon Welling up until they turned to mountains of tears that churned the cheeks of the dead and all those dead then imposed the final ascent of these waters on us Vt. That's why their cheeks are snow for the Duce's cordilleras vu. The same as us undone stacked up beneath them raising the ultimate height of the mountains vttt. And then one on top of another we all managed to see the Duce's enormous cordilleras absolute dominating the horizon break away from the dead 75 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO Taponeandose con los dedos las heridas vio 24 veces la cara de Santa Teresa sobre las 24 cumbres de los Andes Bendfceme mujer-alcanz6 a decirle-que ya por mf se estan abriendo los blancos hoyos del cielo 1. Mirad asf las huecas cordilleras los Andes son hoyos del horizonte II. Mas alia de los rojos cielos de la pradera mas alia sf mas alia de las horribles nieves 111. Donde se detienen las montaiias y se hace mas blanco el horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes ", "quoted_text": "(g.m.) They too were on the march We're the walking mountains they said returning through the falling snow t. Towering in their whiteness walking with the snow the dead landscapes of Chile 11. The cordilleras of Chile wailing in the backlands like stray animals tlt. Behind the dead landscapes of Chile filling it completely like frozen beasts covering the valleys towering behind the hills tv. Saying good-bye to the living and dead landscapes of Chile fleeing to the white expanses where we the flocks of the cordilleras towered high frozen and white in the sleet returning from those long lost marches 69 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Frente a la cordillera de los Andes desde el oeste como la noche Las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. No son blancas las cordilleras del Duce 11. La nieve no alcanza a cubrir esas montanas del oeste Detenidas frente a la cordillera de los Andes aguardando como un cordon negro que esperara la subida final de todas elIas alIa en el oeste solas agrupandose tras la noche 111. Porque frente a los Andes se iban agrupando como la noche del oeste IV. Por eso la nieve no cubre las cordilleras del Duce Sus cumbres son la noche de las montanas Cinendose de negro frente a las nieves de Chile como si los nevados no fueran otra cosa que espinas hiriendo la noche y elIas pusieran entonces la corona sangrante de los Andes v. Por eso de sangre fue la nieve que corona las cumbres andinas VI. Porque solo la muerte fue la corona que cino de sangre el horizonte Vll. Y entonces ya coronados todos vieron las cordilleras del Duce cenirse sobre Chile sangrantes despejadas como una bandera negra envolviendonos desde el poniente 70 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS Facing the Andean cordillera from the west like night The Duce's cordilleras advance I. The Duce's cordilleras are not white 11. The snow cannot cover those mountains to the west Halted in front of the Andean cordillera awaiting their final ascent like a black cordon there to the west alone forming up behind the night 111. Because they were forming up in front of the Andes like night to the west IV. That's why the snow does not cover the Duce's cordilleras His peaks are the mountains' night Girding themselves with black in front of Chile's snows as if the snow-covered peaks were nothing but thorns wounding the night and then they donned the Andes' bloody crown v. That's why blood was the snow that crowned the Andean peaks VI. Because death alone was the crown that encircled the horizon with blood V11. And then now crowned all saw the Duce's cordilleras bloody unconstrained like a black flag enveloping us from the west 71 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Desde el poniente de esta patria donde sOlo el cielo se levanta las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. No se alzan en el este las cordilleras del Duce ll. Como la noche nadie es la nieve en esas montaiias Nadie es la nieve sobre las cordilleras del Duce sino s610 el cielo ribeteando el perfil de las cumbres alIa en el poniente donde s610 el aire se levanta imponiendonos sus montaiias Ill. Por eso s610 el cielo parece desplazar las cordilleras del poniente IV. Por eso nadie es la nieve cubriendo la avanzada de esas montaiias opacas solidificandose en el aire A vanzando desde el oeste como si elIas mismas fueran el cielo que desplazaban y el cielo esos montones s6lidos del poniente oscuros trazando en el horizonte el rostro de esas cumbres V. Pero nadie es el rostro de las cordilleras del oeste VI. Por eso los cielos se desplazaban cediendoles un rostro a esas montaiias Vll. Y entonces dibujados todos pudieron ver las cordilleras del Duce ocupar el cielo que moria oscurecidas eternas como un rostro de muerte levantandose sobre las nieves 72 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS From the west of this country where only the sky rises The Duce's cordilleras advance I. The Duce's cordilleras do not rise in the east 11. Like night no one is the snow in those mountains No one is the snow on the Duce's cordilleras but just the sky trimming the profile of the peaks there to the west where only the air rises imposing those mountains on us 111. That's why only the sky seems to displace the western cordilleras IV. That's why no one is the snow blanketing the advance of those mountains opaque becoming hard in the air Advancing from the west as if they themselves were the sky they displaced and the sky those solid masses dark to the west sketching on the horizon the face of those peaks v. But no one is the face of the western cordilleras VI. That's why the skies displaced themselves surrendering a face to those mountains VII. And then sketched all could see the Duce's cordilleras dark eternal occupying the moribund sky like a death's-head rising above the snows 73 LAS CORDILLERAS DEL DUCE Detras de las costas del Pacifico negras absolutas Las cordilleras del Duce avanzando 1. Nada es los Andes para las cordilleras del Duce 11. Mas altas pero el viento no amontona nieve sobre ellas Abruptas detras de las costas del Pacffico igual que olas que irrumpieran imponiendo la estatura final de sus montaflas avidas borrascosas encrespando los horizontes del oeste Ill. Porque la muerte era la nieve que encrespaba los horizontes del oeste IV. Por eso los muertos subfan el nivel de las aguas amontonados como si se esponjaran sobre ellos v. Solo por eso se levantan desde el otro lado frente a los Andes subidas empalando el horizonte Elevandose de su estatura hechas montaflas de lagrimas que encresparan las mejillas de los muertos y todos esos muertos nos impusieran entonces la subida final de estas aguas VI. Por eso sus mejillas son la nieve para las cordilleras del Duce VII. Igual que nosotros amontonados bajo elias deshechos subiendo la estatura final de las montaflas Vlll. Y entonces unos sobre otros todos alcanzamos aver las cordilleras del Duce desprenderse de entre los muertos enormes absolutas dominando el horizonte 74 THE DUCE'S CORDILLERAS Behind the Pacific coasts black absolute The Duce's cordilleras advance t. Nothing is the Andes for the Duce's cordilleras u. Higher but the wind does not drift snow upon them Abrupt behind the Pacific coasts like bursting waves imposing the ultimate height of those mountains insatiable turbulent churning the horizons to the west ttt. Because death was the snow that churned the horizons to the west tv. That's why the dead stacked high raised the level of the waters that absorbed them like a sponge v. For that reason alone they arise from the other side facing the Andes swollen impaling the horizon Welling up until they turned to mountains of tears that churned the cheeks of the dead and all those dead then imposed the final ascent of these waters on us Vt. That's why their cheeks are snow for the Duce's cordilleras vu. The same as us undone stacked up beneath them raising the ultimate height of the mountains vttt. And then one on top of another we all managed to see the Duce's enormous cordilleras absolute dominating the horizon break away from the dead 75 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO Taponeandose con los dedos las heridas vio 24 veces la cara de Santa Teresa sobre las 24 cumbres de los Andes Bendfceme mujer-alcanz6 a decirle-que ya por mf se estan abriendo los blancos hoyos del cielo 1. Mirad asf las huecas cordilleras los Andes son hoyos del horizonte II. Mas alia de los rojos cielos de la pradera mas alia sf mas alia de las horribles nieves 111. Donde se detienen las montaiias y se hace mas blanco el horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes", "quote_start_page_pos": 109, "quote_prefix": "adentro como animales perdidos lll. Tras los paisajes muertos de Chile tapandolo todo igual que bestias que cubrieran los valles muertas de frio empinandose tras los cerros IV. Despidiendo la fuga de los paisajes vivos y muertos de Chile hasta los blanquerfos donde nos empinabamos los rebaiios de la cordillera helados y blancos en la nevisca devolviendonos de esas largas marchas perdidas 68 THERE WERE THE SNOWY SUMMITS \"Ciao idiot Zurita\" he mananged to shout to me \"I'll see you in the other world\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Bless me woman\" he managed to tell her \"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they", "pages": [26, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "las montaiias y se hace mas blanco el horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"<em>Bless me woman</em>\" he managed to tell her \"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing", "quote_start_pos": 18849, "quote_exact": "Bless me woman", "quoted_text": "Bless me woman", "quote_start_page_pos": 121, "quote_prefix": "las montaiias y se hace mas blanco el horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he managed to tell her \"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "se hace mas blanco el horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"Bless me woman\"<em> he managed to tell her </em>\"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing", "quote_start_pos": 18874, "quote_exact": " he managed to tell her ", "quoted_text": "he managed to tell her", "quote_start_page_pos": 136, "quote_prefix": "se hace mas blanco el horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"Bless me woman\"", "quote_suffix": "\"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"Bless me woman\" he managed to tell her \"<em>because the sky's white holes are now opening for me</em>\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing", "quote_start_pos": 18927, "quote_exact": "because the sky's white holes are now opening for me", "quoted_text": "because the sky's white holes are now opening for me", "quote_start_page_pos": 161, "quote_prefix": "horizonte blanco es el viento detenido de la nevada ah sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"Bless me woman\" he managed to tell her \"", "quote_suffix": "\" t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing", "pages": [34, 34]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"Bless me woman\" he managed to tell her \"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\"<em> t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo </em>\"Yo no me he refdo\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"Sf, te reiste\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains", "quote_start_pos": 19619, "quote_exact": " t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo ", "quoted_text": "t. So behold the hollow cordilleras the Andes they're the holes of the horizon 11. Beyond the meadowland's red skies beyond yes beyond the horrible snows iii. Where the mountains come to a halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo", "quote_start_page_pos": 214, "quote_prefix": "sf blancos son los hoyos del cielo IV. Empujandonos hacia esas praderas blancas donde todos los paisajes se pegan es el caleidoscopio de Chile se decfan riendo sin ver los hoyos del cielo: Es la cordillera de los Andes que se chupa apuntaban los nichos abriendose desde el horizonte 76 THE SKY-HOLES Stopping his wounds with his fingers he saw Saint Theresa's face 24 times above the 24 peaks of the Andes \"Bless me woman\" he managed to tell her \"because the sky's white holes are now opening for me\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Yo no me he refdo\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"Sf, te reiste\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains", "pages": [34, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"<em>Yo no me he refdo</em>\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"Sf, te reiste\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished", "quote_start_pos": 19637, "quote_exact": "Yo no me he refdo", "quoted_text": "Yo no me he refdo", "quote_start_page_pos": 131, "quote_prefix": "halt and the horizon becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"", "quote_suffix": "\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"Sf, te reiste\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"Yo no me he refdo\"<em> Pero El Ie dijo: </em>\"Sf, te reiste\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished (Gen. 2.1) She denied,", "quote_start_pos": 19656, "quote_exact": " Pero El Ie dijo: ", "quoted_text": "Pero El Ie dijo:", "quote_start_page_pos": 149, "quote_prefix": "becomes whiter white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"Yo no me he refdo\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Sf, te reiste\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished (Gen. 2.1) She denied,", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"Yo no me he refdo\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"<em>Sf, te reiste</em>\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished (Gen. 2.1) She denied, saying, I", "quote_start_pos": 19670, "quote_exact": "Sf, te reiste", "quoted_text": "Sf, te reiste", "quote_start_page_pos": 168, "quote_prefix": "white the halting wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"Yo no me he refdo\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"", "quote_suffix": "\" (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished (Gen. 2.1) She denied, saying, I", "pages": [35, 35]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"Yo no me he refdo\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"Sf, te reiste\"<em> (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished (Gen. 2.1) She denied, saying, I laughed not, for she was afraid And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh (Gen. 18.15) 1. And so the inverted cordilleras began to deploy empty turning upside down in the air 11. Growing until they became the sky that covered them hidden laughing at us 111. Stretching out Chile's hollow cordilleras as if the mountains transposed beneath the sky had never been otherwise all made of snow distant and freezing: Come seek us said the inverted mountains laughing 79 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO III A manchones azules frente al alba las cumbres invertidas y en cada uno de esos vados el rostro asomado de tu madre gritandole a Dios que te perdone 1. Al alba vaciadas contra el cielo azul las montaflas invertidas 11. Al reyeS de los Andes gritonas y huecas tragandose a esas otras 111. Burlandose como cuando se alzan elias las montaflas vadas frente a Santiago y mas alia el cielo que se va hundiendo contra sus nieves muertas y en pena gritando por todo este mundo que estan cerca y tienen frio las cordilleras 80 THE SKY-HOLES III In big blue patches facing the dawn the inverted peaks and in each of those voids your mother's face leans out shouting to God to forgive you t. At dawn emptied agaisnt the blue sky the inverted mountains tt. Upside down from the Andes clamorous and hollow swallowing those cordilleras iii. Poking fun as when they lift the empty mountains facing Santiago and beyond is the sky sinking against their snows dead and in purgatory shouting throughout this world that they are near and the cordilleras are cold 81 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO IV Despejandose la nieve de los ojos vi a Miguel Angel a duras penas tambaleandose sobre los andamios de los Andes Olvida eso-le dije-todos estos ya estan condenados No me interrumpas-me contestoque tambien estampare tu rostro en las invertidas cumbres del cielo I. El horizonte esta de luto gritaban las invertidas cumbres agujereando estos cielos Il. Somos la poza de Chile respondfan las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds </em>\"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing", "quote_start_pos": 22591, "quote_exact": " (Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished (Gen. 2.1) She denied, saying, I laughed not, for she was afraid And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh (Gen. 18.15) 1. And so the inverted cordilleras began to deploy empty turning upside down in the air 11. Growing until they became the sky that covered them hidden laughing at us 111. Stretching out Chile's hollow cordilleras as if the mountains transposed beneath the sky had never been otherwise all made of snow distant and freezing: Come seek us said the inverted mountains laughing 79 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO III A manchones azules frente al alba las cumbres invertidas y en cada uno de esos vados el rostro asomado de tu madre gritandole a Dios que te perdone 1. Al alba vaciadas contra el cielo azul las montaflas invertidas 11. Al reyeS de los Andes gritonas y huecas tragandose a esas otras 111. Burlandose como cuando se alzan elias las montaflas vadas frente a Santiago y mas alia el cielo que se va hundiendo contra sus nieves muertas y en pena gritando por todo este mundo que estan cerca y tienen frio las cordilleras 80 THE SKY-HOLES III In big blue patches facing the dawn the inverted peaks and in each of those voids your mother's face leans out shouting to God to forgive you t. At dawn emptied agaisnt the blue sky the inverted mountains tt. Upside down from the Andes clamorous and hollow swallowing those cordilleras iii. Poking fun as when they lift the empty mountains facing Santiago and beyond is the sky sinking against their snows dead and in purgatory shouting throughout this world that they are near and the cordilleras are cold 81 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO IV Despejandose la nieve de los ojos vi a Miguel Angel a duras penas tambaleandose sobre los andamios de los Andes Olvida eso-le dije-todos estos ya estan condenados No me interrumpas-me contesto- que tambien estampare tu rostro en las invertidas cumbres del cielo I. El horizonte esta de luto gritaban las invertidas cumbres agujereando estos cielos Il. Somos la poza de Chile respondfan las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds ", "quoted_text": "(Gen 18,15) 1. Y asf empezaron a desplegarse las invertidas cordilleras vadas trastocandose en el aire H. Creciendo hasta ser el cielo que las cubrfa escondidas riendose de nosotros HI. Tendiendo las huecas cordilleras de Chile como si nunca hubieran sido otras las montaiias que se traspusieron bajo el cielo todas de nieve lejanas y heladas: Vengan a buscarnos nos dedan las invertidas montaiias riendose 78 THE SKY-HOLES II Thus the white mountains were finished (Gen. 2.1) She denied, saying, I laughed not, for she was afraid And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh (Gen. 18.15) 1. And so the inverted cordilleras began to deploy empty turning upside down in the air 11. Growing until they became the sky that covered them hidden laughing at us 111. Stretching out Chile's hollow cordilleras as if the mountains transposed beneath the sky had never been otherwise all made of snow distant and freezing: Come seek us said the inverted mountains laughing 79 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO III A manchones azules frente al alba las cumbres invertidas y en cada uno de esos vados el rostro asomado de tu madre gritandole a Dios que te perdone 1. Al alba vaciadas contra el cielo azul las montaflas invertidas 11. Al reyeS de los Andes gritonas y huecas tragandose a esas otras 111. Burlandose como cuando se alzan elias las montaflas vadas frente a Santiago y mas alia el cielo que se va hundiendo contra sus nieves muertas y en pena gritando por todo este mundo que estan cerca y tienen frio las cordilleras 80 THE SKY-HOLES III In big blue patches facing the dawn the inverted peaks and in each of those voids your mother's face leans out shouting to God to forgive you t. At dawn emptied agaisnt the blue sky the inverted mountains tt. Upside down from the Andes clamorous and hollow swallowing those cordilleras iii. Poking fun as when they lift the empty mountains facing Santiago and beyond is the sky sinking against their snows dead and in purgatory shouting throughout this world that they are near and the cordilleras are cold 81 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO IV Despejandose la nieve de los ojos vi a Miguel Angel a duras penas tambaleandose sobre los andamios de los Andes Olvida eso-le dije-todos estos ya estan condenados No me interrumpas-me contesto- que tambien estampare tu rostro en las invertidas cumbres del cielo I. El horizonte esta de luto gritaban las invertidas cumbres agujereando estos cielos Il. Somos la poza de Chile respondfan las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds", "quote_start_page_pos": 182, "quote_prefix": "wind of the falling snow ah yes white the sky-holes tv. Pushing us toward those white meadowlands where all the landscapes are joined it's Chile's kaleidoscope they said laughing to one another without seeing the sky-holes: It's the Andean cordillera swallowing itself prompted the niches opening from the horizon 77 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO II Y entonces fueron hechas las blancas montaiias (Gen 2,1) Ella trat6 de defenderse pues tuvo miedo diciendo \"Yo no me he refdo\" Pero El Ie dijo: \"Sf, te reiste\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing", "pages": [35, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Chile respondfan las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"<em>Forget it</em>\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the", "quote_start_pos": 22601, "quote_exact": "Forget it", "quoted_text": "Forget it", "quote_start_page_pos": 124, "quote_prefix": "Chile respondfan las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"", "quote_suffix": "\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "respondfan las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\"<em> I said </em>\"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing", "quote_start_pos": 22610, "quote_exact": " I said ", "quoted_text": "I said", "quote_start_page_pos": 134, "quote_prefix": "respondfan las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\"", "quote_suffix": "\"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"<em>they're already all condemned</em>\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the", "quote_start_pos": 22640, "quote_exact": "they're already all condemned", "quoted_text": "they're already all condemned", "quote_start_page_pos": 143, "quote_prefix": "las alturas de los Andes desde sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"", "quote_suffix": "\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\"<em> </em>\"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the", "quote_start_pos": 22642, "quote_exact": " ", "quoted_text": "", "quote_start_page_pos": 173, "quote_prefix": "sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"<em>Don't interrupt me</em>\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the", "quote_start_pos": 22661, "quote_exact": "Don't interrupt me", "quoted_text": "Don't interrupt me", "quote_start_page_pos": 175, "quote_prefix": "sus nieves mas heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\"<em> he replied </em>\"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the snow-pits", "quote_start_pos": 22674, "quote_exact": " he replied ", "quoted_text": "he replied", "quote_start_page_pos": 194, "quote_prefix": "heladas heladas son las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\"", "quote_suffix": "\"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the snow-pits", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"<em>because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky</em>\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the snow-pits of Chile dying 83 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO V Y despidiendose desaparecieron", "quote_start_pos": 22743, "quote_exact": "because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky", "quoted_text": "because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky", "quote_start_page_pos": 207, "quote_prefix": "las cumbres del cielo heladas son las invertidas montaflas Ill. Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"", "quote_suffix": "\" t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the snow-pits of Chile dying 83 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO V Y despidiendose desaparecieron", "pages": [40, 40]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\"<em> t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the snow-pits of Chile dying 83 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO V Y despidiendose desaparecieron tragados por la cima de la montana (POPOL YUH) Igual que una polv a red a fue la creacion cuando surgieron como cangrejos, levantandose del agua las altas cumbres (POPOL YUH) 1. Aprended de las invertidas cordilleras los Andes solo fueron pasto para elIas Il. Sin dios ni ley como si desde el albor del tiempo las nieves eternas las empujaran sedientas insaciables despiadadas Ill. Aprended entonces de las insaciables cordilleras empujadas desde el albor del tiempo roidas de anos templadas en las nieves eternas aprendan que no se salvaran de la sed de las montanas aprendan aprendan a ser solo pasto para elIas 84 THE SKY-HOLES V And saying good-bye they disappeared swallowed by the mountaintop (POPOL VUH) The creation was like a cloud of dust when the high peaks rose from the water like surging crabs (POPOL VUH) 1. Learn from the inverted cordilleras the Andes were just fodder for them 11. Godless and lawless as if from the dawning of time the eternal snows were pushing them up thirsty insatiable ruthless 111. So learn from the insatiable cordilleras pushed up from the dawning of time worn by the years tempered in the eternal snows learn that you won't be spared the mountains' thirst learn learn to be just fodder for them 85 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO VI Vi a San Agustin con la cara cortada viniendo hacia mi desde la ultima nevada de los Andes No te detengas-me dijo apenasque por ti tamb ien andan buscando en los cielos invertidos de la tentaci6n 1. Hundidos hambrientos baftados en horribles nieves: los cielos invertidos de Chile II. Ahuecando las pesadas montaftas huecas si huecas son las cordilleras de la tentaci6n Ill. Huecos son tambien los ojos de los amortajados comentan los cielos hundidos de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes </em>\"Don't stop\" he told me hurriedly \"because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping", "quote_start_pos": 25427, "quote_exact": " t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the snow-pits of Chile dying 83 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO V Y despidiendose desaparecieron tragados por la cima de la montana (POPOL YUH) Igual que una polv a red a fue la creacion cuando surgieron como cangrejos, levantandose del agua las altas cumbres (POPOL YUH) 1. Aprended de las invertidas cordilleras los Andes solo fueron pasto para elIas Il. Sin dios ni ley como si desde el albor del tiempo las nieves eternas las empujaran sedientas insaciables despiadadas Ill. Aprended entonces de las insaciables cordilleras empujadas desde el albor del tiempo roidas de anos templadas en las nieves eternas aprendan que no se salvaran de la sed de las montanas aprendan aprendan a ser solo pasto para elIas 84 THE SKY-HOLES V And saying good-bye they disappeared swallowed by the mountaintop (POPOL VUH) The creation was like a cloud of dust when the high peaks rose from the water like surging crabs (POPOL VUH) 1. Learn from the inverted cordilleras the Andes were just fodder for them 11. Godless and lawless as if from the dawning of time the eternal snows were pushing them up thirsty insatiable ruthless 111. So learn from the insatiable cordilleras pushed up from the dawning of time worn by the years tempered in the eternal snows learn that you won't be spared the mountains' thirst learn learn to be just fodder for them 85 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO VI Vi a San Agustin con la cara cortada viniendo hacia mi desde la ultima nevada de los Andes No te detengas-me dijo apenas- que por ti tamb ien andan buscando en los cielos invertidos de la tentaci6n 1. Hundidos hambrientos baftados en horribles nieves: los cielos invertidos de Chile II. Ahuecando las pesadas montaftas huecas si huecas son las cordilleras de la tentaci6n Ill. Huecos son tambien los ojos de los amortajados comentan los cielos hundidos de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes ", "quoted_text": "t. The horizon's in mourning cried the inverted peaks piercing these skies 11. We're the snow-pit of Chile replied the heights of the Andes from their coldest snows freezing are the peaks of the sky freezing the inverted mountains ttt. Freezing are the bodies of the dead at dawn shout the frozen peaks of the sky sinking against the Andes Freezing are the snows freezing the dawning sky rejoin the mountains behind the snow-pits of Chile dying 83 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO V Y despidiendose desaparecieron tragados por la cima de la montana (POPOL YUH) Igual que una polv a red a fue la creacion cuando surgieron como cangrejos, levantandose del agua las altas cumbres (POPOL YUH) 1. Aprended de las invertidas cordilleras los Andes solo fueron pasto para elIas Il. Sin dios ni ley como si desde el albor del tiempo las nieves eternas las empujaran sedientas insaciables despiadadas Ill. Aprended entonces de las insaciables cordilleras empujadas desde el albor del tiempo roidas de anos templadas en las nieves eternas aprendan que no se salvaran de la sed de las montanas aprendan aprendan a ser solo pasto para elIas 84 THE SKY-HOLES V And saying good-bye they disappeared swallowed by the mountaintop (POPOL VUH) The creation was like a cloud of dust when the high peaks rose from the water like surging crabs (POPOL VUH) 1. Learn from the inverted cordilleras the Andes were just fodder for them 11. Godless and lawless as if from the dawning of time the eternal snows were pushing them up thirsty insatiable ruthless 111. So learn from the insatiable cordilleras pushed up from the dawning of time worn by the years tempered in the eternal snows learn that you won't be spared the mountains' thirst learn learn to be just fodder for them 85 LOS HOYOS DEL CIELO VI Vi a San Agustin con la cara cortada viniendo hacia mi desde la ultima nevada de los Andes No te detengas-me dijo apenas- que por ti tamb ien andan buscando en los cielos invertidos de la tentaci6n 1. Hundidos hambrientos baftados en horribles nieves: los cielos invertidos de Chile II. Ahuecando las pesadas montaftas huecas si huecas son las cordilleras de la tentaci6n Ill. Huecos son tambien los ojos de los amortajados comentan los cielos hundidos de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes", "quote_start_page_pos": 276, "quote_prefix": "Helados son los cuerpos de los muertos al alba gritan las cumbres congeladas del cielo hundiendose contra los Andes Heladas son las nieves helado es el cielo en el alba replican las montaflas tras las pozas de Chile muriendo 82 THE SKY-HOLES IV Clearing the snow from his eyes I saw Michelangelo struggling to keep his balance on the Andean scaffolds \"Forget it\" I said \"they're already all condemned\" \"Don't interrupt me\" he replied \"because I'm also printing your face on the inverted peaks of the sky\"", "quote_suffix": "\"Don't stop\" he told me hurriedly \"because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping", "pages": [40, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "amortajados comentan los cielos hundidos de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes \"<em>Don't stop</em>\" he told me hurriedly \"because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping eyes chimed", "quote_start_pos": 25438, "quote_exact": "Don't stop", "quoted_text": "Don't stop", "quote_start_page_pos": 114, "quote_prefix": "amortajados comentan los cielos hundidos de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes \"", "quote_suffix": "\" he told me hurriedly \"because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping eyes chimed", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "comentan los cielos hundidos de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes \"Don't stop\"<em> he told me hurriedly </em>\"because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping eyes chimed the inverted skies", "quote_start_pos": 25461, "quote_exact": " he told me hurriedly ", "quoted_text": "he told me hurriedly", "quote_start_page_pos": 125, "quote_prefix": "comentan los cielos hundidos de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes \"Don't stop\"", "quote_suffix": "\"because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping eyes chimed the inverted skies", "pages": [44, 44]}, {"source": "quote_inline_plain", "quote_snippet": "de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes \"Don't stop\" he told me hurriedly \"<em>because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation</em>\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping eyes chimed the inverted skies over Chile We've bathed in horrible snows note we the mountains weeping", "quote_start_pos": 25534, "quote_exact": "because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation", "quoted_text": "because they're also looking for you in the inverted skies of temptation", "quote_start_page_pos": 148, "quote_prefix": "de Chile hueco es el cielo huecos son los horribles ojos de la nieve replican los muertos mirandolos IV. Huecas son las cumbres huecas son las nieves en que se baftan los muertos huecos son los ojos delllanto corean los cielos invertidos sobre Chile Nos hemos baftado en horribles nieves anotamos nosotras las montaftas llorosas de frio invertidas 86 THE SKY-HOLES VI I saw Saint Agustine with his face cut coming toward me from the farthest snowfall of the Andes \"Don't stop\" he told me hurriedly \"", "quote_suffix": "\" t. Sunken hungry bathed in horrible snows: the inverted skies of Chile 11. Scooping out the heavy mountains hollow yes hollow the cordilleras of temptation ttl. Hollow too the eyes of the shrouded comment the sunken skies of Chile hollow the sky hollow the horrible eyes of the snow rejoin the dead looking at them tv. Hollow the peaks hollow the snows in which the dead bathe hollow the weeping eyes chimed the inverted skies over Chile We've bathed in horrible snows note we the mountains weeping", "pages": [44, 44]}], "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnbzq.5"}	
{"quotes": null, "id": "10.1525/j.ctt1pnc52.65"}	
